--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/president/index.php ---
About LPCStrategic PlanningOrganizational Chart
Angelica CazarezExecutive Assistant to the Presidentacazarez@laspositascollege.edu925.424.1002
As President of Las Positas College, Dr. Foster is committed to providing strong leadership
with a high degree of integrity, passion, and commitment to fully serving our students
in a growing and supportive community. Dr. Foster is passionate about cultivating
effective partnerships and promoting innovative approaches to enhancing student success
outcomes for the students at Las Positas College.
Being the first in his family to attend college, Dr. Foster received his Ed.D. in
Higher Education Administration from the University of Southern California, his Master
of Science in Counseling: Student Development in Higher Education from California
State University, Long Beach, and his Bachelor of Science in Applied Behavioral Science
from the University of California, Davis, where he served as co-captain of the UC
Davis Aggies football team. He and his wife, Tami, have two young children, Maylea
and Daylen.
Connect with the President
Dr. Dyrell Foster has been an administrator in the California Community College system
for over 20 years. He is a student-centered leader, with a proven track record of
advancing educational access, equity, student retention and success. He is collaborative
in his approach to implementing institutional practices, behaviors, and policies that
provide a positive climate on campus and effectively addresses the diverse needs of
students.
Dr. Dyrell FosterPresident, Las Positas College
Mission, Vision & Values
Office of the President
Previously, Dr. Foster served as the Vice President of Student Services at Moreno
Valley College; Dean of Student Affairs at Rio Hondo College; Associate Dean of Counseling
and Director of Student Life at Mt. San Antonio College; Director of Student Life
at Evergreen Valley College; and Activities Coordinator at San Jose State University.
In addition, Dr. Foster has served as a part-time lecturer in the College of Education
at both, California State University, Long Beach and California State University,
Fullerton.
Research Planning & Institutional Effectiveness
Title IX Officer/Sexual Harassment OfficerDr. Jeanne Wilson925.424.1405
VacantSenior Administrative Assistant (Temporary Assignment)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/stepstosuccess/newstudent.php ---
1. Access theZonemail LoginPage
2. Click onSign On to CLASS-Web
3. Click theSteps to Successtab to access your to-do steps
Academic & Career Pathways
All students are assigned a priority registration date (a day and time that you can
        begin registering for classes).  Those who have completed the steps above will be
        eligible to register earlier than other new students.You may register for courses at any time after your priority registration date.Upon registration, please pay your fees by the establisheddeadlinesto avoid being dropped from your classes.
Apply to Las Positas College
Apply using the CA Dream Act Application
Apply using the FAFSA
Attend a two-hour first semester planning session with a counselor to learn how to
        identify your goals, plan your college coursework, and help prepare you for your first
        day of class!
Attending college for the first time.
CLASS-Web:Your personal student portal where most online services are performed – completion
        of your enrollment process, registering for classes, paying fees, viewing grades/transcripts,
        verifying financial aid information, etc.
Click on theSteps to Successtab
Click onAdd/Drop or Withdrawfrom Classes
Complete both theEnglishand theMathGuided Self-Placements.
Completing the First Semester Planning Session is a mandatory requirement to receive
        Priority Registration at Las Positas College.
Congratulations on making the decision to attend Las Positas College! To enroll at
the college, please complete the following Steps to Success. Once you complete any step, your status on CLASS-Web will be updated the following
day.
Email: Enter the Zonemail username found in your welcome email or via CLASS-Web
Explore your career path
FIRST TIME COLLEGE STUDENT
Financial Aid can help pay for enrollment fees, books, transportation, and other educational
    costs for eligible students.
First Semester Planning Session
Have Temporary Protected Status (TPS)
Have a valid or expired DACA
High School information is used to determine your English and math placement.  The
        assessments take only a few minutes and are done online via CLASS-Web.Completing the Assessment/Placement is a mandatory requirement to receive Priority
        Registration at Las Positas College.
Instructions on How to Login to Class-Web and Activate Your Zonemail:
Instructions on How to Register on Class-Web:
Instructions on How to Sign-In to the Guided Self-Placement:
Instructions on How to Sign-In to the Online Orientation:
Instructions on how to schedule your First Semester Planning Session:
Las Positas College's Academic and Career Pathways are groups of similar programs
that are designed to help you select a program of study and speed your progress towards
completion. You will find information on occupations and careers commonly associated
with each program, including typical wages and the labor market demand for California.
Meet the non-resident exemption requirements under AB 540, SB 2000, SB 68
New Student Support Center
Not sure of the academic program or career you would like to pursue at Las Positas
College? Take a quick interest assessment that will give you, personal career matches
based on your strengths. See which pathways are a good fit for you and quickly move
into specific careers. Once you find a career you like, you can learn all about it
with data on expected earnings, available jobs, daily tasks, job postings, top employers,
relevant skills, and more.
Note:  Appointments fill up quickly. If there are no appointments available, please
        visit theLas Positas College Counseling Department webpage, to meet with a counselor for a 15-minute drop-in session.
Once you have received your confirmation email containing your Student ID Number (W#)
    and Zonemail Email Address (please wait up to 48 hours from the time of application
    submission), please login to CLASS-Web and Zonemail.
Password: mmddyyyy (default is set to your 8-digit birthdate)
Pin: mmddyy (default PIN is set to your 6-digit birthdate)
Questions? Contact ourComputer Center Support
Questions? Contact theCounseling Department
Questions?  ContactAdmissions and Records
Questions?  ContactFinancial Aid Office
Questions?  Visit ourDream Center
STEP 1: APPLY FOR ADMISSION
STEP 2: LOGIN TO CLASS-Web and ACTIVATE YOUR ZONEMAIL
STEP 3: APPLY FOR FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE
STEP 4: COMPLETE ONLINE ORIENTATION
STEP 5: TAKE ASSESSMENT / PLACEMENT
STEP 6: SCHEDULE YOUR FIRST SEMESTER PLANNING SESSION
STEP 7: REGISTER FOR CLASSES. PAY FEES!
Should I apply using the FAFSA OR the CA Dream Act Application?
The online orientation will introduce you to the college’s steps to success, academic
        and student support services, campus life and leadership, student conduct and rights,
        and campus safety and security.Completing the Online Orientation is a mandatory requirement to receive Priority Registration
        at Las Positas College.
Under Campus, selectLas Positas College
Upon submission of your admission application, an email will be sent to you within
    48 hours.  This email will contain your Student ID Number (W#) and your Steps to Success.
User ID: W Number or social security number
We are here to provide you with support as you navigate your Steps to Success. Our
dedicated team is ready to assist you promptly, whether in person, over the phone,
or via email.
You are eligible to complete the CADAA if you are:
You are eligible to complete the FAFSA if you are a:
Zonemail Email:Zonemail is your Las Positas College student email address.  All college communications
        will be sent to your Las Positas College’s Zonemail email address.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/icc/agendas.php ---
*Hours of operation of this office are subject to change.
Agendas for the Weeks of:
All agenda item requests must include:
All meeting locations, dates, and times will be listed below. Agendas and Minutes
will be in accordance with the Ralph M. Brown Act.
All requests must be submitted no later than 8:30 AM one calendar week before the
next scheduled meeting. Any requests received after the deadline will be added to
the following meeting agenda.
For more information, please contact:
ICC Agendas & Minutes
ICC Agendas for the Week|ICC Meeting Schedule|Agenda Item Requests|Robert's Rules of Order|Public Request Forms|Fall 2022|ICC|Committees|Archives
ICC Meeting Agenda Item Request Form:https://forms.gle/H1EaviU3xheWqbKz9
ICC Official Documents and Forms
Join Las Positas Student Government
Josué A. HernándezProgram Coordinator, Student Life and Leadership(925) 424-1494jahernandez@laspositascollege.edu
LPCSG Cure and Correct Request Form:The Las Positas College Student Government has created a new way for the public to
check and correct our Student Government Representatives. If you believe that a member,
multiple members, or any other group within the LPCSG is in violation of the Ralph
M. Brown Act or the Bylaws,please complete and submit theLPCSG Cure and Correct Request Formvia email to the specified entities as stated within the document.
LPCSG Meeting Recording Request Form:The Las Positas College Student Government thrives to be as transparent as possible,
and acknowledges issues of accessing documents and recordings. If you would like to
view a recording of any LPCSG (Executive Board, Student, Senate, Inter-Club Council, 
Committee) or any other LPCSG hosted meeting, please complete and submit theLPCSG Meeting Recording Request Formvia email to the specified entities as stated within the document.
LPCSG and ICC meetings are held in observance ofRobert’s Rules of Order. Robert's Rules of Order is a manual of parliamentary procedure
that governs most organizations. As the full text of the Robert's Rules of  Orders
areabout 700 pages long, which makes it difficult to look things up during a meeting,
meeting participants may find it helpful to keep a cheat sheet of Robert's Rules of
Order at their fingertips during a meeting.
Please contactJosué A. Hernández, Program Coordinator, Student Life and Leadership, and theLPCSG Director of Legislationfor further information.
Pleaseclick hereto find an LPCSG version of helpful Robert's Rules of Order basic information,  cheat
sheet, agenda terminology, and additional resources.
Robert's Rules of Order
Spring 2024 Office Hours*Monday             9:00 am - 5:00 pmTuesday             9:00 am - 7:00 pmWednesday      9:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday           9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday                 9:00 am - 1:00 pm
Student Government LeadersVisit theLPCSG Officers and Senatorswebpage for email addresses.
Student Life OfficeBuilding 1600, Room 1643(925) 424-1490lpc-studentlife@laspositascollege.edu
Supporting documentation (when applicable)
The ICC Officers and Program Coordinator will review requests and use their discretion
to determine if the item is within the scope of the LPCSG and ICC mission, if the
item should be referred to a standing committee, and will schedule agenda items based
on time availability.
The ICC no longer meets as a separate organization. As of Fall 2023, the ICC is integrated
under the Student Senate and clubs are now recognized at Senate meetings. ICC meeting
documents before Fall 2023 are listed below:
The Las Positas College Student Government (LPCSG) will hold an Inter-Club Council
(ICC) Meeting on the first and third Wednesday of the month from 5:30 pm- until adjourned)
via teleconference.
To request that an item(s) be added to a meeting agenda, please complete a request
form:
Wednesday, April  19, 2023
Wednesday, May 3, 2022- Last meeting of Spring Semester
Zoom meeting recordings are available for viewing upon request.  You may report violations
and request resolution if you believe that a member, multiple members, or any other
group within the Student Government have violated the Ralph M. Brown Act or the LPCSG
and ICC Bylaws.  Visit the Public Request Forms section of this webpage for further
information

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/class-schedule/index.php ---
Fall 2025 Class Schedule
For more information please contact:
Schedule Addition, Changes, & Cancellations
Spring 2016 Class Schedule (pdf)
Spring 2017 Class Schedule (pdf)
Spring 2022 Class Schedule (pdf)
Spring 2023 Class Schedule (pdf)
Spring 2024 Class Schedule (pdf)
Spring 2025 Class Schedule
Spring 2025 Class Schedule (pdf)
Summer & Fall 2017 (pdf)
Summer & Fall 2018 (pdf)
Summer & Fall 2019 (pdf)
Summer & Fall 2020 (pdf)
Summer & Fall 2025 Class Schedule (pdf)
Summer / Fall 2023 Class Schedule (pdf)
Summer / Fall 2024 Class Schedule (pdf)
Summer 2016 Class Schedule (pdf)
Summer 2025 Class Schedule
Summer/Fall 2022 Class Schedule (pdf)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/admissions/registration.php ---
Adequate evidence of competence as supported by transcripts, statements of employers,
military or technical school certificates, etc.
Admissions & Records Office
California Education Code (Title V, Section 55763) states that grades awarded for
courses repeated under these specific conditions shall not be counted in calculating
a student’s grade point average.
Classification of Students Based on Unit Load
Copies of transcripts received from other colleges and universities cannot be forwarded
to a third party. Students desiring such transcripts must request them directly from
the issuing institution.
Course Repetition: Special Circumstances
Current students should email from theirZonemailand include their W number.
Due to a significant lapse of time (3 years or more) and:There is an established recency prerequisite established by the course curriculum;
or,There is an established recency requirement as established by a transfer institution
Effective Summer 2012, under the new Title 5 regulations, a student may only enroll
in a course 3 times, through a combination of substandard grades (D, F, NP, or NC)
and withdrawals (W). All prior course attempts at the ChabotLas Positas Community
College District will count toward the limit. Students may seek approval to enroll
in a course a 4th time through the petition process. The petition is limited to the
following:
Eighteen (18) units per semester are considered to be a maximum load for a student.
In order to take more than the maximum, an approval form must be obtained from a counselor.
The College reserves the right to place unit limit restrictions due to fiscal constraints.
Email:Please send all Admissions and Records inquires via email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
For cooperative work experience courses (up to 16 credit hours),
For special needs courses (continued need must be demonstrated for each enrollment).
Full-time student- Registered for 12 or more units
Half-time student- Registered for 6.0 to 8.5 units
In a variable unit or open entry/exit course that can only be completed once, but
with multiple enrollments.
In accordance with District policy, all classes are open to enrollment and participation
by any person who meets the academic prerequisites of the class and who is otherwise
eligible for admission to Las Positas College.
In extenuating circumstances, such as verified cases of accident or illness.
Instructor’s Withdrawal Option: Distance Education
Las Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveBuilding 1600, Room 1670Livermore, CA 94551
Limitation on Unit Load
New students who have completed college orientation and assessment and who have developed
education plans, as well as continuing students in good academic standing who have
not exceeded 100 units, will have priority over students who do not meet these criteria.
Among these students, active-duty military, veterans, current and former foster youth
and homeless students will continue to have Level 1 registration priority for courses.
Students in the Extended Opportunity Programs and Services (EOPS and CARE), CalWORKs,
and Disabled Students Programs and Services will also have priority.
Request for Course Substitution or Waiver of Program Requirement
Spring 2025 Office/Window Hours
Statement from an instructor that the course reflects the appropriate subject matter
and fulfills the necessary program requirements, and signature of the Division Dean
to validate the course. Students shall be advised that courses waived receive neither
unit nor grade credit and that other courses may be needed to satisfy the total number
of units required to complete the program of study.
Student Success and Support Services (SSSP) - Priority Enrollment Regulations
Students are cautioned that some classes and programs may prove to be so popular or
so limited by physical facilities and/or availability of qualified instructors that
all students who apply cannot be accommodated.
Students are responsible for officially withdrawing from classes by the deadline date
listed in the current Class Schedule. There is no automatic withdrawal process. Failure
to follow the proper withdrawal procedures may result in a grade of “F”. Requests
to withdraw from a class that are received by the “NGR” (No-Grade-of Record) deadline
will not appear on a student’s academic transcript. If a student withdraws from a
course after the “NGR” deadline but on or before the “W” (withdrawal) deadline, a
“W” will appear on their transcript. A “W” notation will not affect the student’s
grade point average; however, excessive “W” notations may affect: (1) progress status,
(2) status as a full-time student, (3) eligibility for financial aid and other benefits,
(4) athletic eligibility, or (5) ability to repeat a course (based on Title V regulations).
Refer to the Class Schedule for important deadline dates.
Students may not enroll in two classes that meet during any part of the same hour.
Students may not repeat a course in which they received a passing grade of A, B, or
C. However, under specific conditions, the Dean of Student Services or designee may
permit the repetition of courses for which a grade of “C” or better has been received.
These conditions are:
Students wanting to enroll in a course with a prerequisite must satisfactorily complete
that prerequisite before they are allowed to register. A course has a prerequisite
to ensure that a student has the appropriate body of knowledge to successfully take
the course. Courses with a co-requisite require that a student either has taken the
co-requisite before or is taking it at the same time as the courses.
Students who desire transcripts of their academic record must submit a written and
signed request to the Office of Admissions and Records indicating the student’s name
used while attending, SSN or W identification number, and the number of transcripts
requested and name and address of the designated recipient. Transcripts are provided
only in response to a written request and signed from the student. Official transcripts
will be mailed directly to the designated recipient.
Students who have had substantial prior experience related to the content of a college-level
course, and who can present adequate evidence of their competence, may petition to
have enrollment in that class waived without college credit for purposes of satisfying
a program requirement. Courses considered for substitution must have been taken at
an accredited institution. Petitions for course substitution or waiver of program
requirements are available from the Counseling Center. Approval of the request by
the Dean of Student Services is required prior to completing registration. Approval
shall be based on the following criteria:
Students who intend to withdraw from the College must initiate withdrawal procedures
for each class in which they are enrolled. Students are held accountable for clearing
all obligations with the College including fees, library books, equipment, and lockers.
The deadline for withdrawal from classes with a guaranteed symbol “W” is Friday of
the twelfth instructional week. Refer to the Class Schedule for deadlines.
The California Community Colleges Board of Governors approved changes that established
system-wide enrollment priorities designed to ensure classes are available for students
seeking job training, degree attainment or transfer, and to reward students who make
progress toward their educational goals.
The College recognizes that the most recent completion of a course should most accurately
reflect a student’s academic progress. Therefore, students may repeat for credit those
courses taken for which grades of D, F, NP, W were received. The most recent grade
(A, B, C, D, F, P/NP) received must be calculated into the GPA regardless of whether
this grade is lower or higher than the original grade.
The following classifications have been established based on unit load:
The instructor may drop students who miss the first meeting of a course. In addition,
an instructor may initiate a drop if the student is absent for a total of four (4)
consecutive or six (6) cumulative instructional hours and/or two (2) consecutive weeks
of instruction.
The instructor may drop students who miss the first meeting of a course. The first
meeting of online or hybrid Distance Education courses is the first day of the class
as specified in the Class Schedule listing. For these courses, instructor may drop
students who do not log into their Canvas course and/or complete indicated activities
by the third day of classes. Distance Education instructors may drop students if they
have not submitted work and/or accessed the class for two consecutive weeks.
There is an established recency prerequisite established by the course curriculum;
        or,
There is an established recency requirement as established by a transfer institution
Three-quarter time student- Registered for 9.0 to 11.5 units
To see which courses have prerequisites and/or co-requisites refer to the individual
course offerings in this Catalog or theLPC website.
Usually, a prerequisite is a course from a lower sequence of courses. For example:
You may not enroll in Math 55 without first passing Math 65 with a “C” grade or better,
or the equivalent. Usually, a co-requisite course is a lab or a course that provides
supplemental instruction.
When a student has repeated a course and earned a passing grade of A, B, C, D, or
P, he or she may petition the Dean of Enrollment Services to count, for grade point
calculation only, the most recently earned grade. The “Petition For Use Of Most Recent
Grade in a Repeated Class” is available at the Office of Admissions and Records. Physical
Education activity courses may not be repeated for a higher grade. Students are advised
that both the original and subsequent grade will remain on their transcript and that
in transferring to another institution, they may be held responsible for all units
attempted.
When a student should repeat a course because there has been a significant lapse of
time since the student previously took the course;
When it is necessary to meet a legally mandated training requirement as a condition
of continued paid or volunteer employment.
When repetition of a course is legally mandated.
When the student’s previous grade is, at least in part, the result of extenuating
circumstances. Extenuating circumstances are verified cases of accident, illness or
other circumstances beyond the control of the student;
Where there is a significant change in industry or licensure standards.
Withdrawing from the College

--- Content from https://laspositascollege.edu/catalog/ ---
If you were not redirected, please navigate to thecurrent catalog.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/programs/index.php ---
Academic Services & Programs
Alaina OsukaCurriculum & SLO Specialist(925) 424-1106
Amy MatternDean of A&H(925) 424-1382Bldg 4000, Suite 4111A
Andrea Migliaccio, M.S.Curriculum & Scheduling Specialist(925) 424-1108
Arts & Humanities (A & H)
Aubrie RossSenior Administrative Assistant(925) 424-1322Bldg 2400, Suite 2411P
Business, Social Science, and Learning Resources (BSSL)
Career & Technical Education
Carolyn Y. Scott, M.P.A.Executive Assistant(925) 424-1104
Danielle BañuelosSenior Administrative Assistant(925) 424-1183Bldg 2100, Suite 21354
Early Care and Education
Ellie HirsteinSenior Administrative Assistant(925) 424-1274enhirstein@laspositascollege.eduBldg 2500, Suite PE 116
Emergency Medical Services / Paramedic
English as a Second Language
Graphic Design and Digital Media
Joel GagnonDean of Student Services(925) 424-1420Bldg 1600; Rm 1616Q
Journalism and Media Studies
Kathleen KingDistance Education(925) 424-1654
Kevin KramerDean of PATH(925) 424-1275Bldg 2500, Suite PE 117
Las Positas College Department Coordinators List 22-23
Maria EastwoodAdministrative Assistant, Public Safety(925) 424-1188Bldg 3400/3500
Marisol BaltazarSenior Administrative Assistant(925) 424-1421Bldg 1600; Rm 1616P
Megan GarciaCommunity Education(925) 424-1467
Nan Ho, Ed.D.Vice President of Academic Services(925) 424-1103
Occupational Safety and Health
Paula ChecchiDean of STEM(925) 424-1182Bldg 2100, Suite 21354A
Public Safety, Adv. Manufacturing, Transportation, Health & Kinesiology (PATH)
Ralitsa Ivanova-OlssonSenior Administrative Assistant(925) 424-1383Bldg 4000, Suite 4111
Science, Technology, Engineering & Math (STEM)
Social Work and Human Services
Stuart McElderry, Ph.D.Dean of BSSL(925) 424-1323Bldg 2400, Suite 2411Q
Traci PetersonEducational Partnerships Project Manager(925) 424-1109
Vicki ShipmanCareer Technical Education Program Manager(925) 424-1355
Viticulture and Winery Technology
Wanda ButterlyInstructional Technology Specialist(925) 424-1655

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/index.php ---
A series of workshops to help you succeed at LPC
Application & Position Information
Best Value in Higher Education
Congratulations Graduates - You Did It!
Free Tuition Promise for 2024-2025
Get a parking permit by visiting the new parking portal page.
LPC Federal Work-Study Jobs Available
Las Positas College is ranked the #2 Community College in California and the #4 Community
            College in America
Las Positas College now offers free tuition for first-time, full-time students.
Need a parking permit?
SUMMER & FALL 2025 CLASS SCHEDULE
Schedule Your Campus Tour
The Chabot-Las Positas Community College District (CLPCCD) Board of Trusteesvoted to suspend the COVID-19 vaccine mandateeffective April 24, 2023. The change will apply to students and employees of the
        CLPCCD to coincide with the start of the upcoming registration period.
The Las Positas College Geography Department has a newly installed weather station
        on Building 1800.
The Smart Shop Series
To qualify for federal work-study job, you must file a 2024-2025 FAFSA for employment.
        You must be enrolled in at least 6 units in fall term.
View Current Weather Conditions
We can accommodate a single family or a large school group for a campus tour.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/about/organization-chart.php ---
Arts & Humanities (pdf)
Business, Social Science & Learning Resources (pdf)
Dean of Enrollment Services (pdf)
Dean of Student Services (pdf)
Faculty & Staff Directory
Mission, Vision, Goals & Values
Office of the President (pdf)
Office of the Vice President of Academic Services (pdf)Arts & Humanities (pdf)Business, Social Science & Learning Resources (pdf)Public Safety, Advance Manufacturing, Transportation, Health & Kinesiology (pdf)Science, Technology, Engineering & Math (pdf)
Office of the Vice President of Administrative Services (pdf)
Office of the Vice President of Student Services (pdf)Dean of Enrollment Services (pdf)Dean of Student Services (pdf)
Planning and Budget Cycle
Public Safety, Advance Manufacturing, Transportation, Health & Kinesiology (pdf)
Science, Technology, Engineering & Math (pdf)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/library/index.php ---
Find Books, Articles, and More
Need guidance on how to make the most of the LPC Library? Below are our most popular FAQ topics.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/disclaimers/index.php ---
CLPCCD makes no claims, promises, or guarantees about the absolute accuracy, completeness,
or adequacy of the contents of this Web site and expressly disclaims liability for
errors and omissions in the contents of this Web site. No warranty of any kind, implied,
expressed, or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement
of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and
freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this Web site
or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources. Reference in this Web site to any specific
commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm, or corporation
name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute
endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the CLPCCD or its employees or agents.
Chabot and Las Positas Colleges, being non-profit California Community Colleges, reserve
the right to use photography and video images of students and visitors, age 18 and
older, taken on our property and at college-sponsored events for marketing and promotional
purposes. Objection to the use of an individual's photograph may be made in writing
to the district office of marketing and public relations, addressed to:
Director, Public Relations, Marketing and Government RelationsChabot-Las Positas Community College District7600 Dublin Blvd., 3rd FloorDublin, CA 94568
For more information please contact:
Las Positas College Disclaimers
The Chabot-Las Positas Community College District (CLPCCD) attempts to maintain the
highest accuracy of content on its Web sites. Any errors or omissions should be reported
for investigation.
This Web site has links to sites that may be useful to the public and that may provide
other services or information. When the user links to another Web site, which is not
an authorized CLPCCD Web site, the user is no longer on a CLPCCD Web site. The CLPCCD
disclaims any responsibility or liability for the services or information provided
on non CLPCCD Web sites.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/onlinelearning/index.php ---
Asynchronous online:All activities and work are done online at any time of the day or night in Canvas.
Canvas Faculty Guides + 24-7 Chat
Canvas Student Guides + 24-7 Chat
HyFlex:Instruction is conducted on campus and online (synchronous and/or asynchronous).
Students decide how they want to participate. Note that instructors can mandate on-campus
attendance for major exams.Learn more about HyFlex.
Hybrid:Scheduled on-campus meetings are combined with online asynchronous activities.
LPC offers different types of online courses, along with on-campus courses that have
online components, to meet the needs of all students:
Synchronous online and asynchronous online:Scheduled live, online meetings are combined with online asynchronous activities.
Synchronous online:All class meetings occur live online on scheduled days and times in Zoom.
The Online Learning program at Las Positas College offers students the convenience
of completing their educational goals at a distance. If you are enrolled in an online
course, all class sessions, materials, and exercises are available any time of the
day or night for you. All of your coursework is done virtually. Simply log into your
course through a web browser, and you’re in class!
Whatever type of course you enroll in, you will be using the learning management system
Canvas, which is the hub for online learning at LPC.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/careercenter/employer-services.php ---
Building 1600, First FloorRoom 1604-C
Career Coach - Career Research Tool
Faculty and Staff Resources
Fall 2024 Office Hours
Handshake - LPC Internship & Job Board
Job & Internship Board
Job Fairs and Workshops
Kristi VanderhoofCareer Center Coordinator
Please note: Information on these pages is subject to change. Spanish translation
provided by Google Translate. Las Positas College is not responsible for errors in
translation.
Resume and Cover Letter Resources
Student ResourcesStudent ResourcesHandshake - LPC Internship & Job BoardResume and Cover Letter ResourcesCareer Coach - Career Research ToolJob Fairs and Workshops
Workforce Diversity & Inclusion

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/accreditation/index.php ---
2022 - Self Study Evidence
2022 Institutional Self-Evaluation Report
ACCJC accredits institutions in the United States, its territories and affiliates,
with a primary mission of granting associate degrees; institutions accredited by ACCJC
may also award certificates and other credentials, including bachelor’s degrees, if
those credentials are within the institution’s mission and authorized by their governmental
authorities. ACCJC may also accredit non-domestic institutions with a primary mission
of granting associate degrees.
ACCJC is recognized by the U.S. Department of Education(ED)as a reliable authority regarding the quality of education offered by the institutions
it accredits in keeping with the Higher Education Act of 1965. ACCJC is also recognized
by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation(CHEA), which has established criteria that define a quality review system for accrediting
agencies.
ASE Program Accreditation in:
Accreditation Expiration Date: 2/1/2030
Accreditation Letter of Correction from ACCJC Interim President Richard Winn, Ed.D.
Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges (ACCJC)331 J Street, Suite 200Sacramento, CA 95814Phone: (415) 506-0234 | Email:accjc@accjc.org
California State Fire Marshal2251 Harvard Street, Suite 400Sacramento, CA 95815(916) 568-3800
College Paramedic Program is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Allied
Health Education Programs (www.caahep.org) upon the recommendation of the Committee on Accreditation of Educational Programs
for the Emergency Medical Services Professions (CoAEMSP).
EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES/ PARAMEDIC PROGRAM
For more information please contact:
ISER Constituent Review Form
Las Positas College Clarifications on 2019 Midterm and 2022 Visit Dates
Las Positas College Team ISER Review Roster February 24 2022
Las Positas College Vice Chair Change Notification
Las Positas College is accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Community and
Junior Colleges, Western Association of Schools and Colleges, an institutional accrediting
body recognized by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation and the U.S. Department
of Education. Additional information about accreditation, including the filing of
complaints against member institutions, can be found at:www.accjc.org
Letter on 2019 Midterm Report from ACCJC President Richard Winn, Ed.D
Letter to Confirm Spring 2022 CLPCCD Review Dates
Letter to Reaffirm Accreditation from ACCJC President Barbara A. Beno, Ph.D.
Letter to Reaffirm Accreditation from ACCJC President Mac Powell, MBA, Ph.D.
Master Automobile Service Technology1503 Edwards Ferry Rd., NESuite 401Leesburg, VA 20176
Peer Review Team Report 2022
The Las Positas College Paramedic Training Program has been approved by the California
State EMS Authority through the Alameda County EMS Agency.
The following Las Positas College programs are accredited by programmatic accrediting
bodies, which are responsible to determine license/certification eligibility.
This accreditation expires on March 31, 2028.
Tim DruleyDocument Manager(925) 424-1658tdruley@laspositascollege.edu
To contact CAAHEP:25400 US Highway 19 North, Suite 158Clearwater, FL 33763Phone: (727) 210-2350,Fax: (727) 210-2354http://www.caahep.org
To contact the CoAEMSP:8301 Lakeview Parkway Suite 111- 312Rowlett, TX 75088Phone (214) 703-8445Fax (214) 703-8992www.coaemsp.org

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/veterans/index.php ---
2.2 for 22 Challenge for VeteransSponsorship InformationChallenge Stations
3000 Campus Hill Drive, Bldg. 1310, Livermore, CA 94551
Apply for VA Benefits
Available every day, 24/7
Certify Classes for VA Education Benefits
Dependents - Cal Vet Fee Waiver
Donate to the Veterans First Program
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Frequently Asked Questions - Under Construction
GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at the official
U.S. government Web site athttp://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill
Getting Started - VA BenefitsScheduling Drop-in / Appointment with Veterans CounselorCertify ClassesFormsApply for VA BenefitsDependents/Spouse BenefitsDependents - Cal Vet Fee Waiver
Golf Tournament Register for Event
Golf Tournament Sponsors Info
Las Positas College Veterans First Program has AGREED toExecutive Order 13607"Principles of Excellence for Educational Institutions Serving Service Members,Veterans, Spouses, and Other Family Members"INFO
Make an Appointment with Veterans Counselor
Meet the VFP Team
Mission Ready Learning Community
Operation GatewayReserve Your SpaceMission Ready Learning CommunityVeterans Resource Fair - Under ConstructionPast Videos & TestimonialsFrequently Asked Questions - Under Construction
Past Videos & Testimonials
Priority Registration for Spring 2025
Quick Question?Click here to "Ask the Veterans Specialist"
Resources to Support StudentsFrequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Robot Garden Fix-It ClinicsOne Saturday a Month between 10 am to 1 pmBuilding 1000, Room 1002Dates:  Sat:  Jan 11, Feb 8, March 8, April 12, May 10
SALUTE - Veterans Honor Society
Scheduling Drop-in / Appointment with Veterans Counselor
Serves - All Veterans, All Service members, National Guard and Reserve, and their
    family members and friends
Special Projects & ProgramsSALUTE - Veterans Honor SocietyMission Ready Learning CommunityMission SERVE Newsletter
Spring 2025 Math Tutoring- Click to scan for more info
Student Veterans OrganizationCalendar of Events
VA Palo Healthcare Medical Outreach- 9 am to 1 pmParking Lot BDates:  Tues: Jan 14, Feb 11, March 11, April 15, May 13
Vet Center Visits with Cristian Bardales, Readjustment Counseling Technician- Every Thursday between 10 am to 12 pm in the Veterans Resource Center, Bldg 1310
Veterans & Military Connected Familiesare invited to our events:SPRING 2025 EVENTSclick here
Veterans Crisis Line: Suicide Prevention Hotline, Text & Chat
Veterans First ProgramPhone: 925.424.1570Mailing Address & Location:
Veterans Golf TournamentGolf Tournament Register for EventGolf Tournament Sponsors InfoFrequently Asked Questions
Veterans Resource Fair - Under Construction
Veterans Study Hall- M, T, W, TH: 9 am - 6 pm RM 1052 & F: 9 am - 5 pm RM 1013
VeteransFirst Programs & ServicesVeterans Resource CenterVeterans Work StudyScholarships
Welcome and AnnouncementsMeet the VFP TeamMission and GoalsDonate to the Veterans First Program
Welcome to theVeterans First Program

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/about/strategicplanning.php ---
As its enrollment continued to climb toward the estimated 12,000 students in 2010,
Las Positas College once again embarked on the journey of writing its future history.
This strategic planning process – involving faculty, staff, students, administrators,
and community members – sets th e foundation for future directions, as well as the
development and assessment of programs, services, and facilities at the institution.
Educational Master Plan: 2015 to 2020
Educational Master Plan: 2015-2020 (pdf)
Educational Master Plan: 2021 to 2026
Educational Master Plan: 2021 to 2026 (pdf)
Faculty & Staff Directory
Following the revision of its Mission Statement, the creation of its Vision Statement,
and the development of its Institutional Strategic Goals, Las Positas College engaged
in a year-long strategic planning process during the 2009-2010 academic year.  The
goal was to engage the College community in a strategic planning process that was
radically inclusive, that integrated institutional planning efforts, and that provided
an opportunity to develop a collective vision for the organization.
For information on the College's previous strategic planning efforts, follow the link
below:
In order to address student and community needs, the College developed a comprehensive
Educational Master Plan to guide its growth from 2003 to 2010. Included in this planning
process was a Facilities Modernization Program which, together with funding from a
Bond approved by local voters, provided the roadmap and resources for the College
build-out.
LPC Educational Master Plan: 2003-2010 (pdf)
Las Positas College Strategic Plan 2010-2015 (pdf)
Las Positas College's EMP can be found at the following link:
Las Positas College’s EMP is primarily based on input and feedback received from faculty,
staff and students on numerous occasions. A workshop was held at the regularly scheduled
Town Hall Meeting on November 4, 2014 to get initial input into the college’s EMP.
A planning charrette was conducted on February 20, 2015 to provide additional input
into Las Positas College’s EMP. During May of 2015, Las Positas College hosted seven
discussion/feedback sessions on campus regarding the draft EMP framework. The EMP
was also discussed at a number of committee meetings. In addition, feedback received
from faculty, staff, and administrators during the summer of 2015. Furthermore, external
and internal environmental scans were conducted to inform the EMP.
Mission, Vision, Goals & Values
More than 200 members of the campus community participated in this initiative through
their involvement at Visioning Day and Flex Day, and the result is the Las Positas
College Strategic Plan 2010-2015 – a plan that is strategic, dynamic, measurable,
interconnected, and institutionalized.
Other projects for completion in 2013 are expansion of the Science Building and a
new Student Services and Administration Building at the center of the campus. With
the convenience of the new Student Services offices and a new cafeteria in the middle
of campus will come improvements of pathways, "sticky space" for students to gather
outside, and attractive landscaping - called "Campus Boulevard".
Planning and Budget Cycle
Strategic Plan: 2010 to 2015
The EMP meets student needs through long‐range planning of instructional and student
support programs, facility and site planning needs and technological needs. The EMP
was adopted by the Board of Trustees on November 17, 2015.
The EMP provides a snapshot of Las Positas College at this critical moment in time.
It represents the College’s dedicated efforts to understand the internal and external
forces shaping its environment. As a two-year public college, Las Positas College
is the main source and often the starting point of academic and career advancement
for thousands of residents in our tri-city service area each year. As such, it is
uniquely positioned to address the emerging needs of local residents and employers
and respond to regional demographic, workforce, and economic trends.
The Las Positas College Educational Master Plan (EMP) articulates the institution’s
goals and strategies for advancing the college’s mission. The plan guides the college
in strengthening student achievement, planning for current and future needs, transforming
infrastructure and informing the resource allocation process and staffing priorities.
The Las Positas College’s Educational Master Plan (EMP) is the result of a comprehensive,
college-wide effort to identify the goals and strategies of the College for the next
five years. Throughout 2020, the Las Positas College EMP Task Force worked tirelessly
to gather input from the institution’s stakeholders and produce the College’s Educational
Master Plan with a planning horizon of 2026. As the College’s seminal strategic planning
document, the EMP is designed to embody and articulate its mission to provide an “inclusive,
learn¬ing-centered, equity-focused environment that offers educational opportunities
and support for comple¬tion of transfer, degree, and career-technical goals while
promoting lifelong learning” for all students.
The information contained the EMP presents great opportunities for Las Positas College
in the midst of uncertainty and has informed the development of the following five
overarching goals:
This expansion of the campus covered state-of-the-art facilities, including the now-completed
Physical Education Complex, housing a gymnasium and instructional areas; the Multi-Disciplinary
Building, providing more than 36,000-square-feet of classrooms, lecture hall, and
lab space; the Aquatics Center, featuring two swimming pools for instruction, competition,
and recreation; a multi-use athletic field; and a new parking lot, bringing 500 more
parking spaces to campus. In addition, completed in 2010 were the College Center for
the Arts – with a 500-seat theater, 1,500-seat amphitheater, and classroom space;
and the modern Child Development Center for training new teachers as well as providing
day care to 35 children.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/ ---
A series of workshops to help you succeed at LPC
Application & Position Information
Best Value in Higher Education
Congratulations Graduates - You Did It!
Free Tuition Promise for 2024-2025
Get a parking permit by visiting the new parking portal page.
LPC Federal Work-Study Jobs Available
Las Positas College is ranked the #2 Community College in California and the #4 Community
            College in America
Las Positas College now offers free tuition for first-time, full-time students.
Need a parking permit?
SUMMER & FALL 2025 CLASS SCHEDULE
Schedule Your Campus Tour
The Chabot-Las Positas Community College District (CLPCCD) Board of Trusteesvoted to suspend the COVID-19 vaccine mandateeffective April 24, 2023. The change will apply to students and employees of the
        CLPCCD to coincide with the start of the upcoming registration period.
The Las Positas College Geography Department has a newly installed weather station
        on Building 1800.
The Smart Shop Series
To qualify for federal work-study job, you must file a 2024-2025 FAFSA for employment.
        You must be enrolled in at least 6 units in fall term.
View Current Weather Conditions
We can accommodate a single family or a large school group for a campus tour.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/counseling/forms.php ---
Academic Success Contract (Probation Clearance)
Cross Enrollment: UC Berkeley
Cross Registration: CSU East Bay
Drop-in counseling may close early due to high demand.
General Counseling - Fall Hours
LOTE Proficiency Test Certification (Language Other than English)
Meet the Counseling Team
NOTE:Please submit forms tolpc-counseling@laspositascollege.eduunless otherwise specified on the form.
Petition for Admission from Dismissed Status
Petition to Repeat a Course
Please download the PDF form to your computer and then open with Adobe Reader before
filling out.  If you complete form in web browser, no information is saved.
Request for Course Substitution of AD-T Program Requirement
Request for Course Substitution of Program Requirement (AA, AS, or Certificate of
    Achievement)
Request for a Waiver of an Associate Degree (AA/AS) or Certificate Requirement
Student Support ProgramsCalWORKsCareer CenterDreamer/Undocumented Student ResourcesDSPSEOPS/CAREPuenteTransfer CenterThe Smart Shops SeriesUmojaVeteran's First
The Smart Shops Series
What is a Student Education Plan (SEP)?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/financialaid/applications.php ---
*Please email from yourZonemail& include yourW#!
*This is an estimate and the actual amounts are subject to change.
1. Citizenship or Eligible Non-Citizen Status
2. Additional Eligibility Requirements
3 years of high school coursework and attended a combination of CA elementary, secondary,
                                    and high school
3 years of high school, adult school, community college (credit courses: only 2 Full-time
                                    years are considered) or any combination of the above in California
Academic Progress:You must be making Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) according to the college’s
                    financial aid policy.
After You Submit Your Application
All required documents must be submitted before financial aid funds are released.No funds will be disbursed(except for the LPC Promise Scholarship) until all requirements are met.
An eligible non-citizen (such as a permanent resident, resident alien, refugee, or
                    asylee).
Applications are accepted on a rolling basis, but funds are limited.
Apply directly through each program's department:
Apply for Financial Aid
Apply using theCalifornia Dream ApplicationandChafee Grant Application
Apply using theCalifornia Dream ApplicationandGPA Verification Form
Available to2,500 students annually.
Building 1600, Second FloorRoom 1650(925) 424-1580lpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu
By meeting these criteria, you can be considered for federal and most state financial
            aid. Make sure to review all requirements and submit the proper documentation to the
            Financial Aid Office.Please confirm with our office on your eligibility and send all information with your
                'Zonemail' email acccount & include your W#.
CA Resident Tuition for Fall & Spring Semester
CA high school diploma, CA adult school, GED or the equivalent (HiSET, TASC, CHSPE)
CARE Program (Cooperative Agencies Resources for Education)
CSAC Resources for California Dream Act Application
Cal Grant A, B, & C
CalWORKs (California Work Opportunity & Responsibility to Kids)
California College Promise Grant (Fee Waiver)
California Dream Act & AB 540
California Dream Act Service Incentive Grant (DSIG)
CaliforniaDreamActApplication(CADAA)(for eligible undocumented students under AB 540)
Chafee Grant (Foster Youth)
Check Your Financial Aid Status
Choose the correctAid Year
Confirm that you enteredour Federal School Code: 030357in your application.
Degree from a CA Community College
Demonstrate financial need by completing the Free Application for Federal Student
                    Aid (FAFSA) or the California Dream Act Application.
Dependent Student:If none of the above conditions apply, you are considered a Dependent Student, which
                    means you must provide your parents’ income information on your FAFSA.
Dependent VS Independent Status
Documentation:Provide all documentation requested by the Financial Aid Office (check MyPORTAL for
                    details).
Documentation:Social Security cards or driver’s licenses are not enough to prove citizenship or
                    eligible non-citizen status. You must provide the specific documentation requested
                    by the Financial Aid Office.
Double-check that you submitted the correct FAFSA for the right aid year.
EOPS (Extended Opportunity Programs & Services)
Educational Background:You must have a high school diploma, GED, or a state-approved equivalent.
Email us from your Zonemail account(include your W#)
Enrollment:You must apply to and be enrolled at Las Positas College.You need to be officially enrolled in a degree, certificate, or eligible transfer
                    program in a declared major.
Federal Grants & Programs
Financial Aid TV En Español
Financial Need:Demonstrate financial need by completing the Free Application for Federal Student
                    Aid (FAFSA) or the California Dream Act Application.
Financial aid program for current and former foster youth.
For guidance on this process, please contact a Financial Aid Advisor atlpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu.
For more details on non-U.S. citizens’ eligibility, visit:Non-U.S. CitizensEligibility.
For more details, visit:FAFSADependencyStatusInformation
For more information, please viewQuick Guide to SB 68 by Immigrants Rising
FreeApplicationforFederalStudentAid(FAFSA)(for U.S. citizens and eligible non-citizens)
Fulfilled minimum transfer requirements to a UC or CSU Campus
Holders of G series visas (for international organizations).
I Can Afford College
If required, complete anAB 540 CALIFORNIA NONRESIDENT TUITION EXEMPTION REQUESTaffidavit saying you have filed (or will file when you are eligible to do so) for
an immigration status.
If you are an AB 540 student and meetallof the following criteria, you are exempt from paying non-resident enrollment fees:
If you are an AB 540 student and meetallof the following criteria, you are exempt from paying non-resident enrollment fees:Attendance RequirementCompletion of a Course of Study3 years of high school, adult school, community college (credit courses: only 2 Full-time
years are considered) or any combination of the above in CaliforniaOR3 years of high school coursework and attended a combination of CA elementary, secondary,
and high schoolCA high school diploma, CA adult school, GED or the equivalent (HiSET, TASC, CHSPE)Degree from a CA Community CollegeFulfilled minimum transfer requirements to a UC or CSU Campus
If you are at risk of homelessness, you may be referred to Cassondra Reinsel, Student
Resources Program Manager, who can provide immediate assistance and connect you with
additional support services and resources.
If you are required to"Verify My Application", please note that processing may take several weeks.
If you cannot find your financial aid information, it may be due to the following
reasons:
If you have questions, please:
If you need further assistance, reach out viaZonemailor visit our Office.
Important Notes:Some California aid programs may have less strict rules for non-U.S. citizens.Not Eligible:Non-immigrants on temporary visas (for example, F-1, F-2, J-1, J-2, and others such
as A, B-1, B-2, C, D-1, D-2, E, G, H series, K, L, M series, N, O series, P series,
Q, R, S, TN, TD, V, TWOV, and NATO visas).Individuals with only a “Notice of Approval to Apply for Permanent Residence” (Form
I-171 or I-464).Holders of G series visas (for international organizations).Undocumented students or those with only temporary statuses like certain DACA cases
(note: DACA recipients may be eligible for state or college aid; they should complete
the FAFSA and check with the Financial Aid Office).
In some cases, you can have your dependency status changed through aDependency Override Petitionif you face extenuating circumstances (for example, situations involving abuse or
other adverse family circumstances). To be considered for an override:
Independent Student:Only your information (and your spouse's, if you are married) is used. You are considered
an Independent Student if any of the following apply:
Independent Student:Only your information (and your spouse's, if you are married) is used. You are considered
an Independent Student if any of the following apply:You were born before January 1, 2001 (as asked on the 2024–25 FAFSA).You are married.You have legal dependents of your own.You are a veteran of the U.S. Armed Forces (having served on active duty).You are a ward of the court or both of your parents are deceased.
Individuals with only a “Notice of Approval to Apply for Permanent Residence” (Form
I-171 or I-464).
It’s not too late! If you have not yet submitted your FAFSA or CADAA for the correct
aid year, you may still be eligible for grants for thefall and spring semesters. You can still submit an application and recieve retroactive payment.
Loan/Grant Standing:You must not be in default on any Federal student loans or owe a repayment on a Federal
student grant.
Make sure to review your dependency status carefully, as it affects the information
you provide and your eligibility for federal financial aid.
Meet Our Financial Aid Staff
Must be aCal Grant B recipientto qualify.
Need additional help?Steps to Apply
Non-immigrants on temporary visas (for example, F-1, F-2, J-1, J-2, and others such
as A, B-1, B-2, C, D-1, D-2, E, G, H series, K, L, M series, N, O series, P series,
Q, R, S, TN, TD, V, TWOV, and NATO visas).
Non-residents (taking 12 semester units) for Fall and Spring Semester
Not Eligible:Non-immigrants on temporary visas (for example, F-1, F-2, J-1, J-2, and others such
as A, B-1, B-2, C, D-1, D-2, E, G, H series, K, L, M series, N, O series, P series,
Q, R, S, TN, TD, V, TWOV, and NATO visas).Individuals with only a “Notice of Approval to Apply for Permanent Residence” (Form
I-171 or I-464).Holders of G series visas (for international organizations).Undocumented students or those with only temporary statuses like certain DACA cases
(note: DACA recipients may be eligible for state or college aid; they should complete
the FAFSA and check with the Financial Aid Office).
Once you submit your FAFSA or CADAA, you must log in toCLASS-Webto complete any required steps:
Our after-hours DROPBOX is in the hallway between the Admissions & Financial Aid Offices.
Provide all documentation requested by the Financial Aid Office (check MyPORTAL for
details).
Provides financial assistance for tuition and school expenses when transferring to
a four-year university.
Resources for Foster Youth
Resources for Student Parents
Select theFinancial Aid Tab
Some California aid programs may have less strict rules for non-U.S. citizens.
Students only need to submitONECalifornia Dream Applicationto apply for multiple financial aid programs.
Support from EOPS, CARE, or CalWORKs
The California Dream Act Service Incentive Grant Program (DSIG)provides up to $3,000 per year for students who complete community or volunteer service.
The Dream Act are two laws that passed in 2011 that allow AB 540 students to apply
for and receive state & insitutional financial aid,
These programs provide services such as tutoring, book vouchers, and additional financial
assistance for eligible students.
This grant covers the $46 per unit enrollment fee at California community colleges
for eligible students.
To qualify for GPA verification from LPC, students must have completed at least 16
college units (excluding basic skills and ESL courses). Otherwise, GPA verification
must come from the student’s high school.
To qualify for federal and most state financial aid, you must meet several requirements:
Tuition DifferenceAfter Establishing AB 540 Status
Types of Aid Available
Types of AidFree TuitionFederal Grants & ProgramsState GrantsCCPG Fee WaiverScholarships
Understanding FAFSA Submission Summary & Financial Aid Offers
Undocumented students or those with only temporary statuses like certain DACA cases
(note: DACA recipients may be eligible for state or college aid; they should complete
the FAFSA and check with the Financial Aid Office).
Why Can't I See My Financial Aid Information?
You Must Be:A U.S. citizen,ORAn eligible non-citizen (such as a permanent resident, resident alien, refugee, or
asylee).
You are a veteran of the U.S. Armed Forces (having served on active duty).
You are a ward of the court or both of your parents are deceased.
You have legal dependents of your own.
You must apply to and be enrolled at Las Positas College.
You must be making Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) according to the college’s
financial aid policy.
You must document your circumstances with support from a professional familiar with
your situation.
You must have a high school diploma, GED, or a state-approved equivalent.
You must not be in default on any Federal student loans or owe a repayment on a Federal
student grant.
You need to be officially enrolled in a degree, certificate, or eligible transfer
program in a declared major.
You need to file aRequest for Professional Judgement of Unusual Circumstances (2024–2025 Dependency
Override Petition).
You submitted your FAFSA, but we havenot yet received it(processing takes about 7–10 days)
You were born before January 1, 2001 (as asked on the 2024–25 FAFSA).
You will need to submit documents to Admissions and Records to establish AB 540 status.
Youdid not enterourFederal School Code (030357)on your FAFSA.
Youdid not submitthe FAFSA or CADAA.
Your dependency status determines whose information is used to calculate your Student
Aid Index (SAI)/Expected Family Contribution (EFC):

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/industrycredentials/index.php ---
A1 - Engine RepairA2 - Automatic Transmission / TransaxleA3 - Manual Drive train and AxlesA4 - Suspension & SteeringA5 – BrakesA6 - Electrical / Electronic SystemsA7 - Heating & Air ConditioningA8 - Engine PerformanceA9 – Light Vehicle Diesel EnginesL1 - Advanced Engine Performance SpecialistL2 - Electronic Diesel Engine Diagnosis SpecialistL3 - Light Duty Hybrid/Electric Vehicle SpecialistG1 - Auto Maintenance and Light RepairC1 -Service ConsultantF1 – Alternative Fuels CNGX1- Undercar Specialist Exhaust SystemsHVAC 609 – Air-conditioning Recycling/Recover/Charging
Amazon AWS Cloud Practitioner Certification
Automotive Ford Motor Company Certifications (32)
Automotive NC3 Certifications (25)
Automotive Service Excellence Certifications (14)
Automotive Technology at LPC
Automotive Technology at LPC596 - Multimeter  & MeterVerus Edge Lab Scope Operation & Data ManagementVerus Edge Navigation & Scanner OperationShopKey Pro Service & Repair Information Level 1ShopKey Pro & SureTrack Advanced Level 2Pro-Cut Rotor Matching CertificationTire FundamentalsT7800 - Tire and Wheel Service CertificationB2000P - Wheel Balancing CertificationWheel Balancing Basics  Wheel ServiceZeus Navigation & Scanner OperationZeus Lab Scope Operation & Data ManagementTPMS 4.0 - Wheel Service CertificationPMI 6- Dial Gauge MeasurementPMI 5- Micrometer MeasurementPMI 4- Angle MeasurementPMI 3- Gauge MeasurementPMI 2- Slide Caliper MeasurementPMI 1 - Tape and Rule MeasurementMeter Certification Pre-testElectrical Safety Test - Torque CertificationHand Tool Safety Test - Torque CertificationTorque Electronic with ATECH2FR100BTorque Theory Test - Torque CertificationTorque Mechanical Certification Torque
California Fire Fighter 1California Fire Fighter 2
Career Education ProgramsActors ConservatoryAdministration of JusticeAutomotive TechnologyBusiness StudiesCommercial MusicComputer StudiesEarly Care & EducationEmergency Medical ServicesEngineering TechnologyFire Service TechnologyGraphic Design & Digital MediaInterior DesignJournalism & Media StudiesOccupational Safety & HealthTechnical TheaterViticulture & Winery TechnologyWelding TechnologyWork-Based Learning
Career Exploration: Career Coach
Child Development Permits and Teaching Credentials provided byCalifornia Commission on Teacher Credentialing
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cloud Computing at LPC
CompTIA's A+, Network+, Security+, Linux+, and Cloud+
Credential Provided byNational Registry of Emergency Technicians
Credential Provided byPiano Technicians Guild
Credential Provided byState Fire Training
Credential from National Institute forAutomotive Service Excellence
Credential fromAmazon Web Services
Credential fromFord Motor Company
EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH)
Early Care & Education
Emergency Medical Technician Certification
F204001103 - Basic Tire and Wheel ServiceF307001103 - Physics of the Automatic TransmissionF307101103 - AT Mechanical Components Part 134S11W0 - Basic Electrical Theory and Operation34S12W0 - Battery Starting and Charging System Theory and Operation34S15W0 - Electronic Theory and Operation34S13W0 - Electrical Diag. Tools and Testing - Part I34S14W0 - Electrical Diag. Tools and Testing - Part II33S11W1 - Suspension Systems Theory and Operation33S12W2 - Steering Systems Theory and Operation33S13W0 - Steering and Suspension Alignment38S01W1 - Vehicle Brake Systems38S02W0 - Brake Service Procedures38S03W1 - Advanced Brake Systems Theory and Operation35S01W2 - Climate Control Theory and Operation35S03W0 - Electronic Climate Control Theory and Operation51S03W2 - Diesel Engine Theory and Operation52S01W0 - Diesel Engine Repair51S04W2 - Diesel Fuel Supply and Fuel Injection Systems51S05W2 - Diesel Air Inlet and Exhaust Aftertreatment31S20W1 - Introduction to Engine Performance31S21W0 - Fuel and Air Theory and Operation31S22W0 - Ignition Theory and Operation31S23W0 - Exhaust and Emissions Theory and Operation31S24W0 - EP System Relationships and OBD II Monitors36S10W0 - Manual Transmission and Transaxle Operation36S13W0 - Differential and Driveline Systems Operation36S14W0 - Transfer Case and RWD Based 4WD Systems Operation37S10W0 - Intro to Auto Trans Theory and Operation37S11W0 - Automatic Transmission Electronic Control Systems Operation32S06W1 - Engine Operation, Diagnosis & Repair 132S07W0 - Engine Operation, Diagnosis & Repair 2
Fire Service Technology Certifications (2)
Found in almost every trade, industry credentials or certifications help employers
evaluate potential applicants and provide a standard or baseline of an employee’s
knowledge and skills. Having a credential or certification helps secure future job
advancement and increased wages.
Google IT Support Professional
Graphic Design & Digital Media
IT Support Professional Certificate of Achievement
Information, Communication, and Technology
Journalism & Media Studies
LPC - East Bay Regional Firefighter Academy
Las Positas College has a wide variety of courses, programs, certificates and degrees
that may lead to industry credentials. Below is a list of industries and their related
credentials and certifications. Please note, while all courses may not offer taking
the credential as part of the class, your instructor will be able to provide information
about pursuing the applicable credential.
Licensure Provided byNational Registry of Emergency Technicians
Microsoft Certified Professional Windows Server (MCP)
National Registry of Emergency Medical Technicians (NREMT) Paramedic Licensing
Occupational Safety & Health
Red Hat Linux RHCSA
Red Hat Linux RHCSA Certification
SANS GCFE and GIAC Certifications
SANS GIAC Certified Forensic Examiner (GCFE)
Viticulture & Winery Technology

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/dsps/index.php ---
*Please use the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Apple Safari, or MS Edge as your
internet browser. Clear your history data (cached images & files).
A card saying DSPS Services will come up. Bookmark that so it can be found on you
home screen the next time you log in.
Apply for DSPS Services
Building 1600, First FloorRoom 1615
Click Accommodate (System Log in)
Disability Resource Center Home
Disabled Students Programs & Services
First Time Log-In to Accommodate DSPS
Helpful Websites & Resources
In the drop down is "Discover", click on that.
Log intoMyPortal(found on the same page asCLASS-Web)First time inMyPortal- Go to your zonemail and look for an invitation from LPC to log intoMyPortal. Follow the instructions on the email.*If you cannot find the invitation you will need to put in a contact Student Support.
MyPortal and   Zonemail support-Email:helpzone@clpccd.org- Phone: (925) 424-1710
On the top right had side it says “Find Cards” type in DSPS. Choose DSPS (LPC).
Once an appointment is scheduled, students will receive a confirmation and reminder
email with specific log-in directions. (If you have not received an email confirmation,
please click on Login button below)
Our new DSPS Accommodate System is now LIVE!
SY 2024- 2025 Office Hours
Select theMenu Iconin the upper left corner of the screen.
Students must have access to a computer, laptop, or tablet, with a working web-cam
& microphone. Smart-phones are not supported with this service.
To request an online / virtual counseling appointment please call the DSPS office
at (925)-424-1510. If you reach us after hours, kindly leave a message with  yourName, W#, complete phone number and the purpose for the appointment.
We offer 1 hour appointments or 30 min appointments via our Web-based service, Cranium
Café for All students.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/president/priorities.php ---
2024- 2025 Strategic Priorities
About LPCStrategic PlanningOrganizational Chart
Aligns with Educational Master Plan: Goal A: Educational Excellence & Goal D: Organizational
Effectiveness
Aligns with Educational Master Plan: Goal A: Educational Excellence, & Goal B: Community
Collaboration.
Aligns with Educational Master Plan: Goal A: Educational Excellence, Goal B: Community
Collaboration, Goal C: Supportive Organizational Resources, Goal D: Organizational
Effectiveness, & Goal E: Equity and Anti-Racism
Aligns with Educational Master Plan: Goal C: Supportive Organizational Resources
Aligns with Educational Master Plan: Goal D: Organizational Effectiveness & Goal E:
Equity and Anti-Racism
Angelica CazarezExecutive Assistant to the Presidentacazarez@laspositascollege.edu925.424.1002
Budget: Efficiencies & Revenue
Connect with the President
Deepen engagement with local school districts to increase academic preparedness for
high school students planning to enter Las Positas College and to promote the opportunities
offered by the College
Develop and promote practices and services that support student health, safety, and
wellness
Develop processes and institutional supports to pursue, coordinate and manage alternative
revenue sources
Ensure equitable access to relevant professional development opportunities for all
college personnel in support of student learning, equity, anti-racism, accessibility,
organizational readiness, and institutional effectiveness
Equity, in college, after college, and for ALL students
Excellence & Equity in Student Success & Completion
Excellence is the quality of being outstanding in all that we do
Expand practices and processes that promote safety and wellness for all members of
the campus community in response to ongoing and emerging community needs
Focus on access through outreach and recruitment efforts
Health and Wellness in the Workplace
Mission, Vision & Values
Nurture a campus-wide culture of rigorous attention to equity and anti-racist practices.
Office of the President
Prioritize efforts to increase equity through decision-making, accountability, programming,
and professional development
Prioritize efforts to increase student persistence and retention by assisting students
to develop a stronger sense of belonging and connectedness to the college
Professional Development: Centering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility
(DEIA)
Research Planning & Institutional Effectiveness
Strategic Enrollment Management: Access & Retention
Strategically pursue and support initiatives that strengthen the financial stability
of Las Positas College, while institutionalizing support for programs and services
that have demonstrated success
Title IX Officer/Sexual Harassment OfficerDr. Jeanne Wilson925.424.1405
VacantSenior Administrative Assistant (Temporary Assignment)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/financialaid/scholarshipinfo.php ---
* Chabot students must apply by submitting an online application athttps://chabotcollege.awardspring.com/
*Please email from yourZonemail& include yourW#!
A confirmation email will be sent to you anytime you have an application move to a
submitted category. This includes submission of: General Applications, Conditional
Applications (if applicable), Post-Acceptance applications or Apply-to applications.
After completing the General Application (and any Conditional Applications that you
may be presented), you will be directed to the Recommended Opportunities where you
will see any Apply-To opportunities for which the system determines that you may be
qualified for.
An Applicant Record is data populated from your official student file on record with
Admissions and Records. All students who have Las Positas College as their Official
College of Record will have data posted here directly from your student file. Students
who have Chabot College as their Official College of Record will show “No answer provided”.
If you are a Las Positas Student and you do not see data populated in your Applicant
Record, you must correct your college of record as soon as possible so that your information
will be extracted.
Application Process & Requirements
Award Amount: The number and award amount of scholarships are for general information
purposes only and should not be considered a guarantee of what you will receive if
selected. Actual award amounts vary based on students’ individual eligibility, funds
available, and other factors.
Building 1600, Second FloorRoom 1650(925) 424-1580lpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu
Current Las Positas College students and newly admitted students for the upcoming
academic year. Scholarships will be awarded for the next academic year. Chabot students
must apply by submitting an online application athttps://chabotcollege.awardspring.com/
Do I have to apply every year?
Federal Grants & Programs
Financial Aid TV En Español
For details on how to use the application system, download ourFrequently Asked Questions (pdf)or email Lydia Penaflorlpenaflor@laspositascollege.edu.
How do I get started?
How do I know when I am done in the system?
I cannot see my Applicant Record
If you are a student needing help with your or password, you may need your password
reset. To obtain your “W” ID# or reset your password, please contact the Admission
and Records Office.
If you are an employeeof Chabot-Las Positas Community College District needing assistance with your password.
Please contact the Human Resources Office at (925) 485-5236 to reset your CLASS-Web
or The Zone password. If you requested to have your password reset, once the appropriate
office stated above has made the change, it may take up to 30 minutes until you can
attempt to login to the scholarship website.
If your college of record is officially Chabot but you are primarily attending LPC,
you may complete theMajor Change Request Form (pdf)to switch your college of record. Submit the form to the LPC Financial Aid Office.
You may also change your academic program on this form, or other personal information
that will update your official record.
It is important you review Address, Phone, Official Major, Official College of Record,
and Residency. If any of the information on this page is inaccurate you may not be
appropriately matched to available scholarships which rely on accurate information
from your student record.You cannot edit this information from the scholarship portal, it must be corrected
in your official student records.
It is very important for you to correct your data and submit the form to the Admissions
and Records Office or Financial Aid Office to update your file as soon as possible;
you will not be able to complete the scholarship application process until the changes
have been made. *Chabot students who are applying for the Barbara & David Mertes Memorial
Allied Health Scholarship: if your official major is not an Allied Health major, you
will need to change your major at Chabot’s Admissions and Records Office to your correct
Allied Health major in order to be considered for the scholarship.
Items we suggest you prepare in advance:
LPC Scholarships are now closed and under review for Spring 2025.
Las Positas College studentsplease contact (925) 424-1500 for Admission and Records.
Meet Our Financial Aid Staff
Once you complete the General Application and any recommended applications you will
see that each of the applications on your dashboard shows a status of “Submitted”.
Our after-hours DROPBOX is in the hallway between the Admissions & Financial Aid Offices.
Personal Statement – you are required to type your statement in the text box provided
in the application. We suggest you draft your statement in Word then cut and paste
into the text box when finalized. See the Financial Aid Website for Scholarship Instructions
on what you should include in a personal statement.
Please check back next Spring semester in 2026!
Recommended: Under “Opportunities” you might see scholarship opportunities recommended
to you after you have completed the General Application. These scholarships need additional
action on your part to receive consideration. Select “Recommended” under “Opportunities”
to complete additional requirements. Recommended does not guarantee you will receive
a scholarship.
Reference Provider – you must provide the name(s) and email addresses of faculty and/or
staff that agree to provide you a reference letter. The letter must be uploaded by
your reference provider. We suggest you contact your reference provider in advance
to request the letter. When you provide their email address in the application, the
reference provider will be emailed directions on how to upload the letter. Be sure
you have the correct email address. Hard copies are not acceptable.
Resources for Foster Youth
Resources for Student Parents
Sign in with the button in the upper right hand corner using your college issued “W”
ID and CLASS-Web or The Zone. • Complete the General Application and any other supplemental
questions requested by the system.
The Online LPC Scholarship Application
The “Deadline” column indicates the deadline to complete the General Application in
order to receive consideration.
Types of AidFree TuitionFederal Grants & ProgramsState GrantsCCPG Fee WaiverScholarships
Under “Opportunities” there is a list of all scholarship opportunities within the
system. This list shows all scholarships, not only the scholarships for which you
are receiving consideration. Under “Actions”, if “None” then this is an auto-matched
scholarship. If “Apply” you must complete additional questions to be considered. You
can then click “Apply” for any of these opportunities that you have not yet applied
for. Matching to an opportunity does not guarantee you will receive the scholarship.
Unofficial Transcripts – you must upload current unofficial transcripts. To order
your current transcripts, submit an Academic Transcript Request Form to the Admissions
and Records Office.
What happens after I complete the application(s)?
What is an Applicant Record?
When will I receive notice about the scholarships I received?
Who can I contact with questions?
Who can use the Las Positas College Academic Works Application system?
Who should submit a Scholarship Application?
You can check back in the system regularly to see if any new scholarships were added.
You can email Lydia Penaflor -lpenaflor@laspositascollege.edu, emaillpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu, call the Financial Aid office at 925-424-1581 or visit the Financial Aid Office
in Building 1600, 2nd Floor during our drop-in hours.
You can log out of the system knowing your information will be reviewed and forwarded
to the assigned committee and/or department.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/counseling/priority.php ---
Active-duty military, veterans, current and former foster youth, homeless students,
students in the Extended Opportunity Programs and Services (EOPS and CARE), CalWORKs,
student-parents, and Disabled Students Programs and Services have thehighest priority.
Congratulations for pursuing your educational goals at Las Positas College! In order
to help you reach your goals, we encourage you to complete the three core services
oforientation, assessment/placementand astudent education plan. By completing these core services, you will guarantee yourself priority registration!
Drop-in counseling may close early due to high demand.
General Counseling - Fall Hours
How to get Priority Registration?
In addition to completing the online orientation, the Math and English assessment
and developing a student education plan, continuing students must also be in good
academic standing and must not have exceeded 100 units. Continuing students who are
on academic or progress probation, or dismissal status, and/or who have completed
more than 100 units will be placed in a lower group for priority registration.
Listen to Luis' story.
Listen to Peter's story.
Listen to Rebecca's story.
Meet the Counseling Team
Priority registration allows you to register early so you can get into courses before
they fill up. To be eligible, you must participate inorientation, complete theassessmentprocess for math and English course placement, and develop aStudent Education Planwith a counselor. This process will help you to clearly define your goals, stay on
track, and take the most direct route to reach your goals!
Student Support ProgramsCalWORKsCareer CenterDreamer/Undocumented Student ResourcesDSPSEOPS/CAREPuenteTransfer CenterThe Smart Shops SeriesUmojaVeteran's First
The Smart Shops Series
What are the “3 Core Services?”
What is a Student Education Plan (SEP)?
Why is completing the 3 core services for priority registration an important step
in your success?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/educationalpartnerships/earlycollegecredit.php ---
404 Page Not Found
Here are some helpful links instead:
We can't seem to find the page you're looking for.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/educationalpartnerships/index.php ---
**Created by Dr. Emerald Templeton, Ed Partnerships Manager (2020-23)
Additional Links to LPC Departments for Early College Credit:
Adult Education (through local Adult Schools)
Adult Education Dual Enrollment
CCAP Dual Enrollment -link to A & R page
Community Ed Course Catalog
Community Education (Lifelong Learning)
Community EducationCommunity Education HOMECommunity Ed Course CatalogEd2Go - Online LearningLifelong Learning Academy (Audit)Travel OpportunitiesCustomer Support and FAQ'sYouth ProgramsGet to Know Our Instructors
Concurrent/Non-CCAP Dual Enrollment -link to A & R page
Customer Support and FAQ's
Dual Enrollment (CCAP and Concurrent Enrollment)
Dual Enrollment Student/Family Handbook
Dual EnrollmentDual Enrollment HOMEUp-to-Date CommunicationsDual Enrollment Student/Family HandbookAdult Education Dual EnrollmentFrequently Asked QuestionsInformation for FamiliesSummer Geometry (NMAT 256)Additional Links to LPC Departments for Early College Credit:CCAP Dual Enrollment -link to A & R pageConcurrent/Non-CCAP Dual Enrollment -link to A & R pageHigh School Articulation -link to info pageMiddle College -link to home page
Ed2Go - Online Learning
Educational PartnershipsSpring 2025January 21 - May 30, 2025Monday - Fridays9:00 a.m - 5:00 p.m.Contact
For more information regardingEarly College Credit for High School students,(including all Dual Enrollment programs),please contact us at our email:
Get to Know Our Instructors
High School Articulation -link to info page
In close collaboration with our partners, our goal is to reduce barriers to college
entry by offering programs and services that reach ALL students. We are passionate
about student access and student success, and we realize there are many paths of education
that can lead you to a productive future. We are here and happy to help!
Isabel VargasEarly College Program Coordinatorivargas@laspositascollege.edu
Lifelong Learning Academy (Audit)
Middle College -link to home page
Rising Scholars Program (prison education)
Summer Geometry (NMAT 256)
These partnerships support the work in:
Traci PetersonEducational Partnerships Project Manager(925) 424-1109tpeterson@laspositascollege.edu
What does Educational Partnerships do?  Our projects include building and maintaining
local collaborations with area high schools, our community, industry, and correctional
facilities.
What is Educational Partnerships?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/admissions/requirements.php ---
A CompletedResidency Reclassification Form
A completedResidency Reclassification Form
A copy (front) of your Military ID
A copy of your DD214
A copy of your Military Orders showing your domicile as California (CA Station)
A copy of your Military Orders that show your domicile in California
A married minor may establish their own residence. A minor who has married but thereafter
divorced retains the capacity to establish their own residence. A minor whose marriage
has been annulled must be treated as an unmarried minor since, for all intents and
purposes, a marriage has not occurred.
A statement form the adult(s) showing that you have lived with him/her and have been
under his/her continuous direct care for more than two years
A student cannot derive residency status from their spouse or domestic partner.
A student who has been adult for less than a full year (is under 19 years of age)
may under certain circumstances combine the immediate pre-majority derived California
residence with the immediate post-majority California residence to satisfy the one
year necessary for residency classification.
A written statement showing your expenses during the past year
AB 540 Non-Resident Tuition Exemption
AB 540 Non-Resident Tuition Exemption Form (PDF)
Admissions & Records Office
Adult Dependent of a California Resident
Affidavits signed by student and parent indicating the extent to which the three criteria
listed above have been met
Afghan and Iraqi translators (and their spouses and children) who worked directly
with the United States Armed Forces (Pub.L. No. 109-163, § 1059)
Afghanistan nationals who were employed by or on behalf of the U.S. government or
in the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan (Pub.L. No. 111-8,
§ 602)
All Personal emails about Residency must be through your secure Zone Mail account.
Alternatively, students seeking reclassification from non-resident to resident status
can show financial independence from any non-resident parent or guardian according
to guidelines set forth by the State of California.
Any person who is a high school graduate or equivalent thereof, or who is eighteen
years of age or older and who can profit from the instruction, is eligible to apply
for admission to Las Positas College.
Applicants who are members of the Armed Forces of the United States stationed in California
on active duty, except if assigned for educational purposes, are entitled to resident
classification until the student has resided in the state the minimum time necessary
to become a resident. During this one-year period, the military person (and/or dependents)
must demonstrate intent to establish California residency.
Be a US citizen or hold a US immigration status that does not prevent establishment
of residency.
California Residence Requirements for Minors
California regulations allow students who meet certain criteria to pay California
resident fee rates. To be considered under any of the following special provisions,
you must meet the criteria listed.
Choose college, select term, click submit.
Click the "Student Services" tab
Copies of the federal and state income tax returns filed by student and/or parent
for the current and any applicable preceding calendar years
Current and Former Foster Youth
Current students should email from theirZonemailand include their W number.
Discharged Member of the US Military Remaining in California
Documentation of the military member’s assignment to active duty in California or
proof of that the military member’s primary home is in California
Education Code section 68075.6 grants an immediate nonresident tuition fee exemption
to eligible Special Immigrant Visa (SIV) holders and refugee students who settled
in California upon entering the United States. This exemption is granted for one year
from the date the student settled in California upon entering the United States.
Education Code, 68071; Title 5, 54040
Education Code, 68073; Title 5, 54047
Education Code, 68074; Title 5, 54041
Education Code, 68075.5; Title 5, 54041
Education Code, 68075; Title 5, 54042
Education Code, 68076; Title 5, 54047
Email:Please send all Admissions and Records inquires via email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
Establish financial independence from a non-resident parent or guardian.
Evidence parent(s) left California to establish residence elsewhere within one year
of the resident determination date
Evidence that the adult has California residence for more than one year prior to the
residence determination date
Evidence that you are the spouse of the military member or a dependent child for federal
tax purposes
Evidence you are under age nineteen and are in the process of becoming a California
resident
Evidence your parent(s) lived in California at least one year prior to leaving
Exemptions and Special Considerations
Failure to satisfy all the financial independence criteria for the entire period will
not necessarily result in classification as a non-resident if the showing of one year’s
presence and intent is sufficiently strong. However, failure to satisfy all three
financial independence criteria for the current and immediately preceding calendar
years will normally result in classification as a non-resident, since financial independence
is of greater significance for those years.
Fill out the Residency Reclassification Form
Fill out the Tuition exemption form
Fill out the VACA form waiver
Financial hardship cannot be considered in evaluating California residency for the
purpose of in-state fee eligibility.
Financial independence, or want of it, for the second and third calendar years immediately
preceding the year in which reclassification is requested will be considered together
with all other relevant factors in determining intent, with no special weight attached
to the financial independence factor. Evidence of financial independence may be presented
in the form of:
For Discharged Veterans (Home of Record: Other than California)Option 3Choose this option if you have lived less than 1 year in California and have completed
90 days active duty.A copy of your DD214Fill out the VACA form waiverIf you are eligible for GI Bill benefits –provide a copy of your eligibilityOption 4Choose this option if you have resided in California for 1 year and 1 day prior to
the term of applicationA copy of your DD214Fill out the Residency Reclassification FormProvide 2 documents that show your name, address in CA and dated 366 days prior to
the term of application.
For Discharged Veterans (Home of Record:  California)Option 1Choose this option if you have resided in California for 1 year and 1 day prior to
the term of application.A copy of your DD214Fill out the Residency Reclassification FormProvide 2 documents that show your name, address in CA and that are dated 366 days
prior to the term of application.Option 2Choose this option If you graduated from a California High School and attended at
least 3 years of school in a California schoolFill out the Tuition exemption formSend a copy of your official High School transcripts from your high school and/or
other California schools to Las Positas College electronically by ordering them from
your prior schools online.
Graduate of a School in California Operated by the United States Bureau of Indian
Affairs
How Residency is Determined
How do I find my residency status:
How to Apply for Reclassification of Residency
If both parents are deceased and there is no court-appointed guardian, then the minor
may establish residence as though they were an adult.
If the minor lives alone, they take the residence status of the parent with whom they
last lived.
If you are a minor whose California resident parent(s) moved from California to establish
residence elsewhere within one year prior to the residence determination date, and
you have remained in California, then please provide all of the following:
If you are a surviving dependent of an individual killed in the September 11, 2001
terrorist attacks, then please provide a copy of your written notice of eligibility
for a tuition/fee waiver by the California Victim Compensation and Government Claims
Board.
If you are eligible for GI Bill benefits –provide a copy of your eligibility
If you are or have recently been a foster care youth (ward or dependent of the State
of California), then please provide documentation showing this relationship. You must
be 24 years old or younger to qualify.
If you are stationed in California, and have been stationed in California less than
one year, please provideA CompletedResidency Reclassification FormA copy (front) of your Military IDA copy of your Military Orders that show your domicile in California
If you are stationed in California, and have been stationed in California more than
one year:A completedResidency Reclassification FormA copy (front) of your Military IDA copy of your Military Orders showing your domicile as California (CA Station)Provide 2 documents that show your name, and residency address in California dated
366 days prior to the start date of the term of application
If you are the holder of one of these types of visas – but you have filed for a change
of status – then you may submit a request for residency reclassification. Your residency
determination date is based on the date of your application of change of status. Make
sure to include a copy of the Notice of Action from USCIS for the status adjustment.
If you are the spouse or dependent child of a member of the Armed Forces of the United
States who is stationed in California, then please provide all of the following:
If you are under 19 years of age and have supported yourself financially for at least
one year and a day, then please provide both of the following:
If you graduated from a school operated by the US Bureau of Indian Affairs that is
located in California, then please provide a copy of your diploma.
If you have not been an adult resident of California for more than one year and either
of the following are true, then provide documentation of your parent's California
residency:
If you meet this exemption, then submit the following form instead of instead of the
Residency Reclassification Application along with an official high school transcript
sent directly from your educational institution to Las Positas College:
If, immediately prior to enrolling at the college, you lived with and have been under
the direct care and control of any adult(s), other than a parent, for a period of
at least two years, provided that the adult(s) having control have been domiciled
in California during the year immediately prior to the residence determination date,
please provide evidence of both the following:
In determining tuition and enrollment fees, students fall under the following two
categories:
Iraqi citizens or nationals (and their spouses and children) who were employed by
or on behalf of the United States Government in Iraq (Pub.L. No. 110-181, § 1244)
Las Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveBuilding 1600, Room 1670Livermore, CA 94551
Learn aboutexemptions and special considerations.
Member of the US Military on Active Duty in California or Maintaining Domicile in
California
Minor Remaining in California
More Military Residency Information
NOTE: Your Residency Classification will not be changed automatically, you must request
it. We cannot process a retroactive change of status.
Non-Residents (out-of-state and international students):
Note: To claim this status, you must have been physically present in California for
the past year.
Option 1Choose this option if you have resided in California for 1 year and 1 day prior to
the term of application.A copy of your DD214Fill out the Residency Reclassification FormProvide 2 documents that show your name, address in CA and that are dated 366 days
prior to the term of application.
Option 2Choose this option If you graduated from a California High School and attended at
least 3 years of school in a California schoolFill out the Tuition exemption formSend a copy of your official High School transcripts from your high school and/or
other California schools to Las Positas College electronically by ordering them from
your prior schools online.
Option 3Choose this option if you have lived less than 1 year in California and have completed
90 days active duty.A copy of your DD214Fill out the VACA form waiverIf you are eligible for GI Bill benefits –provide a copy of your eligibility
Option 4Choose this option if you have resided in California for 1 year and 1 day prior to
the term of applicationA copy of your DD214Fill out the Residency Reclassification FormProvide 2 documents that show your name, address in CA and dated 366 days prior to
the term of application.
PerAB 2210, Education Code section 68075.65
Please note:  Residency Reclassification is not retroactively considered.  Check your
Residency status right after you apply, if your residency is not what you believe
it should be
Please note:  Residency Reclassification is not retroactively considered.  Check your
Residency status right after you apply, if your residency is not what you believe
it should be.
Proof that the military member has been assigned to active duty for more than 30 days
Provide 2 documents that show your name, address in CA and dated 366 days prior to
the term of application.
Provide 2 documents that show your name, address in CA and that are dated 366 days
prior to the term of application.
Provide 2 documents that show your name, and residency address in California dated
366 days prior to the start date of the term of application
Questions about residency? Visit theAdmissions website with zoom linkon Mondays between 10:00 am - 12:00 pm. Link is top right on the Admissions page.
You may also emaillpc-residency@laspositascollege.eduto set up a Zoom appointment.
Read the form carefully and make sure that your documentation shows your name and
California residency address 366 days prior to the first day of the term for which
you are applying.
Refugee students admitted to the United States under Section 1157 of Title 8 of the
United States Code
Residency Status of a Spouse or Domestic Partner
Scroll down to "Current Residency Classification."
Select "Check Priority Registration status" link
Send a copy of your official High School transcripts from your high school and/or
other California schools to Las Positas College electronically by ordering them from
your prior schools online.
Special Immigrant Visa Status
Spouse or Dependent Child of Member of the Military Stationed in California or Maintaining
Domicile in California
Spring 2025 Office/Window Hours
Students under 19 years of age and unmarried typically derive California residency
from their parents. The parents must meet the eligibility requirements and provide
documentation demonstrating physical presence in California and intent to make California
their permanent residence. Note: Students older than 19 usuallydo notderive residency from a parent.
Students who are California residents pay in-state tuition of $46 per unit, whereas
students who are non-residents payout-of-state tuitionin addition to that charge. Community college enrollment fees are set by the California
State Legislature. All fees are subject to change.
Students who attended a California high school for at least three years and graduated
or received a GED or certificate of completion may qualify for the AB 540, AB 2000,
or SB 68 non-resident tuition exemption. Additional factors such as community college,
elementary, middle, and adult school attendance in California may be considered in
some circumstances.
Submit the completedResidency Reclassification Petitionthrough Adobe Sign along with all the required documents.Paper copies will not be accepted. Please do not send us a copy of your Residency
Reclassification Petition; we automatically receive it when you fill out your Adobe
Sign Petition.
Surviving Dependent of Any Individual Killed in the September 11 Terrorist Attacks
The following visa status holders cannot establish residency regardless of the length
of time in California: B-1, B-2, C, D-1, D-2, F-1, F-2, H-2, H-3, J-1, J-2, M-1, M-2,
O-2, P-1, P-2, P-3, P-4, Q, and TN/TD.
The residence of a minor (a person under 18 years of age) is determined in accordance
with the following, per California Education Code and Title 5:
The residence of an unmarried minor who has a living parent cannot be changed by the
minor's own act, by the appointment of a legal guardian, or by relinquishment of a
parent's right of control.
The residence of the parent (natural or legally adoptive) with whom an unmarried minor
lives is the residence of that minor, regardless of the length of time the minor has
resided with that parent. This rule applies equally to a minor whose parents have
permanently separated.
The student has not been claimed as an exemption for state or federal tax purposes
by their non-resident parents.
The student has not lived in the home of their non-resident parents for more than
six weeks in any given year.
The student has not received more than $750 from their non-resident parents.
The term "California resident" for fee purposes may differ from other definitions
of California residency. A person who has a California driver's license and/or vehicle
registration or who is a California resident for tax, voting, or welfare purposes
may have established legal residence in the state but not necessarily be considered
a resident for fee purposes.
This exemption applies to the following:
Those who do not meet the California Residency requirements as previously outlined.
Please refer to Student Fees, Tuition, & Refunds for cost of attendance.
Those who have legally resided in California for at least one year and a day prior
to the first day of a new semester or session. California State law requires that
students give evidence of physical presence in California for one year and their intent
to make California their home state for other than a temporary period.
To be eligible for California residency, a student must do the following:
To establish financial independence, a student seeking reclassification must show
the extent to which they have met the following criteria for the current and each
of the immediately preceding three (3) calendar years:
Two Year Care and Control
Under California law, if you moved to California primarily to attend a California
college, then you are not eligible for in-state tuition fees.
Verify intent to make California your permanent place of residence.
Verify physical presence in California for at least one year and one day prior to
the first day of the semester.
Video: Here are some tips for completing the Residency Reclassification form.
W-2 forms or other documentation showing your earnings for the past year
We encourage students to start the residency reclassification process before they
sign up for classes. If you don't pay your fees on time because you are trying to
get in-state tuition, then you may be dropped from your classes.
We have updated our Residency Reclassification Petition to Adobe Sign. We feel this
will be a more effective way to serve you better.
When you fill out an Application online through CCC Apply, a computer algorithm determines
your residency based on the answers you have provided. CCC Apply was designed by the
Chancellor's Office. If it flags you as a NonResident you have the opportunity to
appeal the status by filling out the Residency Reclassification Petition. This request,
along with appropriate documentation, allows Las Positas College to modify your residency
status when appropriate, while providing the required documentation for auditors.
You are the dependent child of a California resident who has had residence in California
for more than one year
You have a parent who has both contributed court-ordered support for you on a continuous
basis and has been a California resident for at least one year
You must prove through official and/or legal documents that you have moved to California
permanently and are not just living in California temporarily while you attend college,
however long your course of study takes.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/admissions/forms.php ---
(FERPA) Student Release of Information
AB 2364 California Nonresident Tuition Exemption for Concurrent Enrollment Students
AB 540 California Nonresident Tuition Exemption (English)
Admissions & Records Office
CLASS-Web Guides(click here for helpful step-by-step guides!)
Class Overlap Approval Form
Current students should email from theirZonemailand include their W number.
Email:Please send all Admissions and Records inquires via email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
General Education (CSU or IGETC) Certification Request
IT IS STRONGLY RECOMMENDED THAT STUDENTS SUBMIT ADMISSIONS FORMS VIA-EMAIL
Independent Study Contract (PDF)
Las Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveBuilding 1600, Room 1670Livermore, CA 94551
Loss of Priority Reg/Promise Grant Fee
Major/Home Campus Change Request
Military Dependents request for waiver of nonresident fees or reclassification – VACA
Need Help With CLASS-Web?
Note:To view or print the forms, you need to useAdobe Acrobat Reader.
Petition to Repeat a Course
Please download the PDF form to your computer and then open it with Adobe Reader before
filling out.  If you complete it in the web browser, no information is saved.
Request for Certificate of Accomplishment
Request for Course Substitution of AD-T Program Requirement
Request for Course Substitution of Program Requirement (AA, AS, or Certificate of
Achievement
Request for Exemption for Student Health Fee (Spring 2025)
Request for Replacement or Duplicate Diploma
Request for a Waiver of an Associate Degree (AA/AS) or Certificate Requirement
Residency Reclassification Petition (Adobe Acrobat Sign)
Spring 2025 Office/Window Hours
Use for your email subject header: Your Full Name--Name of Petition

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/gv/curriculum/agendasminutes_archive.php ---
Agendas & Minutes Archive
Agendas & MinutesAgendas & Minutes Archive
Alaina OsukaCurriculum & SLO Specialist(925) 424-1106aosuka@laspositascollege.edu
Andrea MigliaccioCurriculum & Scheduling Specialist(925) 424-1108amigliaccio@laspositascollege.edu
April 13, 2015|April 27, 2015
April 16, 2018|April 30, 2018
April 25, 2016| May 9, 2016
April 25, 2016|May 9, 2016
April 28, 2014|May 12, 2014
April 3rd, 2017|April 17th, 2017
Craig KutilCurriculum Chair / Articulation Officer(925) 424-1346ckutil@laspositascollege.edu
Curriculum CommitteeAgenda & Minutes Archive
December 4, 2017|January 29, 2018
December 5, 2016|January 30, 2017
February 10, 2014|February 24, 2014
February 5, 2018|March 5, 2018
February 6th, 2017|March 6th, 2017
February 8, 2016|February 22, 2016
February 9, 2015|February 23, 2015
First Meeting Fall 2013:August 26, 2013
First Meeting Fall 2014:August 25, 2014
First Meeting Fall 2015:August 24, 2015
First Meeting Fall 2016:September 19, 2016
First Meeting Fall 2017:August 21, 2017
For more information, please contact:
March 10, 2014|March 24, 2014
March 14, 2016| April 11, 2016
March 14, 2016|April 11, 2016
March 19, 2018|April 2, 2018
March 9, 2015|March 23, 2015
May 1st, 2017|May 15th, 2017
November 23, 2015|December 7, 2015
November 24, 2014|December 8, 2014
November 25, 2013|December 9, 2013
November 6, 3017|November 20, 2017
November 7, 2016|November 21, 2016
October 12, 2015|October 26, 2015
October 13, 2014|October 27, 2014
October 14, 2013|October 28, 2013
October 16, 2017|October 30, 2017
October 3, 2016|October 17,2016
September 14, 2015|September 28, 2015
September 18, 2017|October 2, 2017
September 8, 2014|September 22, 2014
September 9, 2013|September 23, 2013
Winter Break |January 25, 2016
Winter Break |January 26, 2015
Winter Break |January 27, 2014

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/president/contact-information.php ---
About LPCStrategic PlanningOrganizational Chart
Angelica CazarezExecutive Assistant to the Presidentacazarez@laspositascollege.edu(925) 424-1002
Angelica CazarezExecutive Assistant to the Presidentacazarez@laspositascollege.edu925.424.1002
Connect with the President
Directions to the Campus
Dr. Jeanne Wilsonjdwilson@laspositascollege.edu(925) 424-1405
Estella SancehezSenior Administrative Assistant to the President (Temporary Assignment)esanchez@clpccd.edu(925) 424-1001
Faculty, Staff & Administrator Directory
Main Reception Desk: 925-424-1000
Mission, Vision & Values
Office of the President
Office of the President Contacts
Office of the PresidentLas Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveLivermore, California 94551-7623
Please contact us at:
Research Planning & Institutional Effectiveness
Students' Contact Us Directory
Title IX Officer / Sexual Harrassment Officer
Title IX Officer/Sexual Harassment OfficerDr. Jeanne Wilson925.424.1405
To obtain an interview with President Foster, please schedule an appointment by contacting
the President's Office at 925.424.1001.
VacantSenior Administrative Assistant (Temporary Assignment)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/president/calltoaction.php ---
About LPCStrategic PlanningOrganizational Chart
Angelica CazarezExecutive Assistant to the Presidentacazarez@laspositascollege.edu925.424.1002
Be inclusive in our student images/publications/videos to include Black students on
website and marketing material.
California Community Colleges Chancellor's Call to Action
Campus Climate & Communication:
Conduct listening sessions with our current Black students to better understand their
experiences.
Connect with the President
Continue to identify and support the specific needs of Black students arising from
the COVID-19 pandemic.
Create and support a highly functioning Black Cultural Resource Center.
Develop a proactive outreach plan to connect and communicate with prospective Black
students.
Develop a proactive outreach plan to formally support current Black students who don’t
qualify for learning communities to connect them to resources and engage them within
the campus community.
Develop and administer a campus racial climate survey to students and to employees
to better understand our students' and employees' experiences.
Develop and implement a cultural curriculum audit to engage a small cohort of faculty
in a collaborative evaluation and redesign of their courses focusing on developing
culturally responsive, engaging and relevant materials, high impact teaching practices,
and developing equity-mindedness; this work would be replicated with additional faculty.
Develop employee learning communities, workshops, and ongoing professional development
in anti-racism and anti-blackness
Develop  and implement a plan to reimagine Public Safety Training at LPC.
Disaggregate data on student access, persistence/retention, and completion to reveal
hidden patterns of racial inequity within all programs and disciplines.
Disaggregated Data & Inquiry:
Host a specific welcome event for Black students (i.e., a break-out room for Black
students during the Student Services Resource Fair).
Identify and display African American art on campus.
Identity and develop an effective communication network/modality for Black students
to be informed of opportunities and resources on campus.
In June 2020, President Dyrell Foster held a Campus Forum to provide a platform for
Las Positas College faculty, classified professionals and administrators to talk about
the social unrest that had been occurring throughout the United States. That forum
lead him to send a call to action that kicked-off the Presidential Task Force. This
task force was created to discuss and address actions that will lead to systemic change
for our students and the communities we serve.
In a letter to members of the Presidential Task Force, Dr. Foster shared, “We are
hopeful that we will turn our collective sadness, anger and frustration into individual
and community action to actively confront anti-blackness and systemic racism.  As
our college community comes together (virtually), to dialogue about our individual
and collective experiences, we have also begun to identify the actions that we will
take as an institution that will lead to systemic change for our students and the
communities we serve. It is our responsibility to restore faith and hope to our campus.
This begins with each of us reaffirming LPC’sMission, Vision and Valuesand staying vigilant to address systemic and structural inequities that impede student
success.  We are committed to doing the work and taking the necessary action to ensure
student success for our Black students at Las Positas College.”
Initiate a monthlyPresident's Speaker Seriesfor faculty, classified professionals, students, and administrators on anti-racism,
anti-blackness, cultural competencies, culturally relevant pedagogy, and unconscious/implicit
bias.
Mission, Vision & Values
Numerous recommendations with five specific themes emerged from this task force:
Office of the President
Our Call to Action - Accomplishments/Reflections, September 1, 2021
Provide demographic student success data (to include race/ethnicity) to each instructor,
at their request, for their class sections to monitor their own progress on student
equity.
Research Planning & Institutional Effectiveness
Review and update the Student Equity and Achievement Committee's Equity Statement.
Review existing coursework and develop new curricula to advance racial and social
justice, anti-racism and cultural diversity across the curriculum.
Support and fund as needed centralized equity work on campus to oversee the current
Black student success initiatives happening on campus.  Develop a multi-year plan
to institutionalize all funding for Umoja and Puente learning communities, with the
goal of moving funding sources from categorical to general funds.
Support current and establish new communities of practice to address the following:
micro-aggressions, white fragility, and how to better understand students’ experiences.
Title IX Officer/Sexual Harassment OfficerDr. Jeanne Wilson925.424.1405
VacantSenior Administrative Assistant (Temporary Assignment)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/outreach/campustour.php ---
Accessing Your Zonemail Account
Concurrent Enrollment (High School Students)
For more information please contact:
For specific programs:Anne KennedyOutreach Specialist(Business, Public Safety and Advanced Manufacturing & Transportation)Office: (925) 424-1273Email:akennedy@laspositascollege.eduJean O'Neil OpipariSTEM Program Coordinator(Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics)Office: (925) 424-1306Email:joneilopipari@laspositascollege.eduLilibeth Mata JuarezOutreach SpecialistArts & HumanitiesOffice: (925) 424-1353Email:ljuarez@laspositascollege.edu
Outreach Presentation Request Form
Sarah AndersonOutreach SpecialistOffice: (925) 424-1407Email:seanderson@laspositascollege.edu
Schedule a Campus Tour
The ZoneAccessing Your Zonemail Account

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/admissions/transcripts.php ---
Admissions & Records Office
All other services and ordering options including RUSH orders and hold for grades
or degrees are only offered through Parchment.
Current students should email from theirZonemailand include their W number.
Email:Please send all Admissions and Records inquires via email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
Free transcripts take ten business days to process and then are sent first class mail
through the U.S. Postal Service. Once the transcript leaves our college, it is the
responsibility of the USPS to deliver. Mailing is not trackable or guaranteed. Lost
transcripts may result in having to request and pay for additional copies.
Las Positas College offers two free transcripts for all students. After a student’s
free services are completed, future transcripts orders are placed through Parchment.
Las Positas College provides a third-party online transcript ordering system through
Parchment. Place all official transcript orders throughParchment.
Las Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveBuilding 1600, Room 1670Livermore, CA 94551
Pick up service is not available for both Free and Parchment transcript orders.
Please click on the Parchment Storefront link for additional information, pricing
and the learner supportParchment website. Chabot-Las Positas Community College District produces a district transcript of
courses completed or in progress from both Chabot and Las Positas Colleges.
Processing time is two business days and fees start at $15 for each transcript ordered.Fees may vary depending on the RUSH service chosen.
Processing time istenbusiness days and fees are $5 for each transcript ordered.
START YOUR ORDER HERE
Select"CTRL+P"or"RIGHT CLICK"on your mouse to open the"PRINT"drop down box
Select"PRINT"option as either to print or save as PDF file
Spring 2025 Office/Window Hours
Students may print unofficial transcripts from their CLASS-Web account who attended
Chabot or Las Positas College after the summer 1994.
Students with an academic history before summer 1994 from Chabot or Las Positas College
cannot review pre-banner transcripts on their Class-Web account.  Place these orders
through Parchment.
Submit all transcript orders by email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
Under provisions of theFamily Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, transcripts will not be released without written consent of the student. The student's
signature and government-issued ID is required.  Please access this link(FERPA) Student Release of Information Formfor the FERPA form and return your completed form via email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu.THIS FORM IS ONLY USED WHEN THE STUDENT IS UNABLE TO ORDER THEIR TRANSCRIPT.
When unable to use Class-Web to view your unofficial transcript, you will order an
official transcript through Parchment.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/_directory/index.php ---
Admission to the College
Below are some of the most requested departments and services.
Las Positas College Directory

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/parking/index.php ---
(YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE A PHYSICAL PERMIT)
Campus Map (Web Version)
Campus Safety & Security
Daily Permit- Daily parking permits can be purchased by textingLPCto25023Daily parking permits are $3.00 per day and valid for the day of purchase only.Cash/card paymentsare located inParking Lot C.
Daily parking permits can now be purchased using your debit or credit card.
Download Campus Map (PDF)
Fines for a Parking Citation
For More Information Please Contact:
From a cell phone, dial: +1 (925) 424-1699
From a classroom or office: on landline phone, push the button labeled 'EMERGENCY
1699' or 'Campus Safety'
From an emergency call box: push the red button
From the campus pay phone, dial: *16
Lock your vehicle!The college assumes no responsibility for damage to or theft of (or from) vehicles
parked in college lots.
Parking Permits Available Online
Paying & Contesting a Fine
Semester Permit- Semester parking permits must be ordered online and can be paid for online or cash
payments at the campus safety office, (Building 1700). The cost of semester parking
are$45forSpring or Fallsemester and$20forSummer. Semester parking permits are now digital and registered to your license plate.
Visitor Permit Request Form
Where do I get a parking permit?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/financialaid/waiver.php ---
*Foster Youth and students eligible for the CalVet Fee Waiver are exempt from this
policy.
*Please email from yourZonemail& include yourW#!
*Students must submit supporting documentation for verification.
*Students will be notified within 30 days after each primary term if they are placed
on academic/progress probation.*A second consecutive term of probation may result in the loss of the CCPG Fee Waiver
at the next registration period.
*The program does not cover books, parking, or housing costs.
*TheExpected Family Contribution (EFC)is subtracted from theCost of Attendanceto determine financial need. If the remaining amount is$1,104 or greater,the student qualifies for the fee waiver.
A GPA below2.0 for two consecutive primary terms(Fall and Spring) may result in theloss of the fee waiver.
Academic Standard – Minimum GPA
Admissions & Records Office (Building 1600, Second Floor)
Appeal Process for Loss of CCPG
Attended Fall 2022, skipped Spring 2023 and Fall 2023, attended Spring 2024→Not consecutive
Attended Spring 2023, skipped Fall 2023, attended Spring 2024→Consecutive terms
Building 1600, Second FloorRoom 1650(925) 424-1580lpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu
CalVet Fee Waiver Program
California College Promise Grant
California State Universities (CSU)
College Fee Waiver for Veterans' Dependents Programs
Combination of Academic & Progress Standards
Completing less than50% of total attempted units for two consecutive primary termsmay result in theloss of the fee waiver.
Consecutive termsincludetwo primary semesters(Fall and Spring)with no more than ONE primary term of non-attendance in between.
Definition of "Consecutive Terms"
Dependents eligible for aCalVet Dependent Fee Waiver
Dependents of aCongressional Medal of Honor recipient
Dependents of avictim of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attack
Dependents oflaw enforcement or fire suppression personnel killed in the line of duty
Eligibility Criteria for the Promise Grant
Eligibility is based onfamily size and income levelfrom theprior year.
Example:Attended Spring 2023, skipped Fall 2023, attended Spring 2024→Consecutive termsAttended Fall 2022, skipped Spring 2023 and Fall 2023, attended Spring 2024→Not consecutive
Federal Grants & Programs
Fee waivers are automaticallyposted to student accountsonce eligibility is confirmed.
Financial Aid TV En Español
Have anunmet financial needof at least$1,104, determined by theFinancial Aid Office.
Havetwo consecutive termswhere theirGPA is below 2.0, and/or
Havetwo consecutive termswhere theycomplete less than 50% of attempted units.
How the CCPG Fee Waiver Works
If a studentbecomes ineligible after receiving the CCPG Fee Waiver,the college mayrecover ineligible fees.
If a studentretroactively qualifiesfor a fee waiver, thecollege may reimburse previously paid fees(only within the current academic year).
If eligible, studentswill not be chargedthe $46/unit enrollment fee when registering for classes.
Important:If youdo notcomplete aFAFSAorCalifornia Dream Act Application (CADAA),you mustapply separatelyfor the CCPG Fee Waiver.
Income limits are updated annually and are subject to change.
Income verification may require submission offederal tax returns, W-2s, or other income documents.
Loss of CCPG Fee Waiver Eligibility
Meet Our Financial Aid Staff
More Information & Application:CalVetCollegeFeeWaiver
Once awarded, the fee waiver coverssummer, fall, and springterms for the academic year.
Online on theFORMS page
Our after-hours DROPBOX is in the hallway between the Admissions & Financial Aid Offices.
Progress Standard – Minimum Course Completion
Resources for Foster Youth
Resources for Student Parents
Retroactive Fee Waivers & Refunds
Students may appeal the loss of their fee waiver undercertain circumstances.
Students may lose eligibility if they:
Students must maintain a cumulative GPA of 2.0 or higher.
Students must meetONEof the followingeligibility requirements:
Students must reapply each yearby submitting aFAFSA or Dream Act Application.
Students must successfullycomplete at least 50% of their coursework.
Students qualify based onincome standardsset by theU.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Students qualify if they or their family are currently receiving:
Students qualify if they:
Students whoalready paid feescan apply for arefundusing theApplication for Refund of Enrollment Fees, available at:Admissions & Records Office (Building 1600, Second Floor)Online on theFORMS page
Studentsmustmaintainacademic and progress standardsto keep their CCPG Fee Waiver.
Submit a FAFSA or CADAA(REQUIRED)
Supplemental Security Income/State Supplemental Program (SSI/SSP)
Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF/CalWORKs)
TheCalifornia College Promise Grant (CCPG)helps eligible students bywaiving the $46 per unit enrollment feefor an academic year (starting with the summer term). This program isonly available to California residentsor students who qualify underAB 540regulations.
TheCollege Tuition Fee Waiver for Veteran Dependentscoversmandatory system-wide tuition and feesat:
Type A - Public Assistance Recipients
Type B - Low-Income Students
Type C - Unmet Financial Need
Types of AidFree TuitionFederal Grants & ProgramsState GrantsCCPG Fee WaiverScholarships
University of California (UC) campuses

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/counseling/courses.php ---
Academic Progress Probation & Dismissal Workshops
Counseling Courses & Workshops
Drop-in counseling may close early due to high demand.
General Counseling - Fall Hours
Meet the Counseling Team
Program Planning Workshops for New Students
Student Support ProgramsCalWORKsCareer CenterDreamer/Undocumented Student ResourcesDSPSEOPS/CAREPuenteTransfer CenterThe Smart Shops SeriesUmojaVeteran's First
The Smart Shops Series
What is a Student Education Plan (SEP)?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/apprenticeship/index.php ---
A Marine Technician is a craftsperson skilled in the building, maintenance and repair
of pleasure boats. This is a 15-month program with the apprentices being paid from
day one of their training. Nine months are spent at the Spaulding Marine Center, in
Sausalito, learning shop safety & tool skills while gaining familiarity to all parts
of a boat including propulsion, marine carpentry, electrical systems and plumbing.
The last six months are spent rotating through a variety of employer boatyards in
the Bay Area hardening skills in the industry.College credit and a certificate is automatically earned with completion of the program. 
Apply through the Spaulding Center during open application periods.
Apprenticeship opportunities are offered through employers or program sponsors and
apprenticeship courses are limited to registered apprentices.
Apprenticeships are the gold-standard of “earn and learn” for workers and career seekers
to achieve their career goals with competitive wages.
Follow these steps to become an Apprentice.
For additional programs, visitApprenticeship4you.com
STEP 1:Review the program sponsor list and find an occupation you'd like to pursue.
STEP 2:To apply, contact the program sponsor from the list above and get accepted into their
program.
STEP 3:The program will setup your on-the-job training and classroom instruction.
The Laborers’ apprenticeship program is for those with little or no experience in
the construction trades who want to begin a career as a Construction Craft Laborer.
The Program allows apprentices to perform many of the types of construction performed
by Laborers such as pouring concrete, laying asphalt, installing storm drains and
water mains, working on bridges and driving tunnels. Laborers also perform many safety-related
duties such as flagging and traffic control. Apply through Northern California District
Council of Laborers.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/academicintegrity/index.php ---
Academic Honesty and Internet "Study Tools"
Academic Integrity Incident Referral Form
Academic Integrity Support for Faculty
Academic Integrity Supporting Software
Academic and Learning Support Services
Allowing others to do one's assignment or a portion of one's assignment or using a
commercial term paper service;
Allowing someone else access to your secure online classroom to complete assignments
or portions of assignments;
Altering examination answers after an assignment has been completed or altering recorded
grades; and
Any form of academic dishonesty, whether cheating or plagiarism, undermines the value
of grades for the entire student body and the College as a whole. It is an affront
to every student who has labored to achieve success honestly and a threat to the College's
reputation for academic excellence. For these reasons, the College does not tolerate
any form of academic dishonesty. Any student attempting to gain an unfair advantage
in a course will be severely penalized, up to and including suspension from classes.
The actions taken against the student will also be permanently entered into the student's
record in the case of repeated, flagrant, or serious incidents.
Cheating is defined as fraud, deceit, or dishonesty in an academic assignment. It
may involve:
Communicating examination information to, or receiving such information from, another
person during an examination;
Copying or attempting to copy from others during an examination or for an assignment;
Definition of plagiarism influenced in part by the academic honesty policies of Ohlone
College, Fremont, California and Hamilton College, Clinton, New York; by "What is
Plagiarism," Turnitin, 2003. www.turnitin.com. Accessed 10 Feb. 2004; and by Robert
A. Harris,The Plagiarism Handbook,Pyrczak Publishing, 2001.
For purposes of this policy, the following definitions apply:
From discipline to discipline and course to course, students will find that instructors
will sometimes use teaching tools like modeling (in which the student is asked to
"model" his or her writing after another's) or collaboration (in which students co-write
or share ideas for an assignment) that seem very close to plagiarism. In cases like
these, the instructor will be very careful to emphasize that the "use of another's
work" is occurring within the specific parameters of the assignment. Such use should
not occur in other contexts or without the supervision and consent of an instructor.
Gaining unauthorized access to another student’s online classroom account;
Inadequately paraphrasing the wording of a source (not only the words, but the sentence
structure of the original must be changed);
Las Positas College promotes student success by providing high quality instruction
and learning resources. The primary factor in student success, however, is the student's
devotion of considerable time and energy to the learning process. A high grade in
a Las Positas College course is, therefore, something of which both the college and
the student can be proud. It indicates mastery of the material achieved through hard
work.
Overusing the ideas of a source, so that those ideas make up the majority of one's
work.
Paraphrasing the wording of a source without citing it;
Plagiarism is defined as using another's work (whether printed, electronic, or spoken)
without crediting him or her. Whereas cheating is almost always intentional, students
sometimes plagiarize accidentally. It is vital, therefore, for students to understand
the many different kinds of actions that constitute plagiarism:
Preprogramming a calculator or computer to contain answers or other unauthorized information
for examinations;
Resources for FacultySample Syllabi StatementsAcademic and Learning Support ServicesAcademic Honesty and Internet "Study Tools"Academic Integrity Supporting SoftwareAcademic Integrity Incident Referral FormAcademic Integrity Support for Faculty
Resources for StudentsStudent Honor CodeAcademic and Learning Support ServicesAcademic Honesty and Internet "Study Tools"Academic Integrity Supporting SoftwareStudent Conduct and Student Discipline
Resubmitting a previously written assignment for a new course without the permission
of the instructor.
Statement of Affirmation by the Las Positas College Academic Senate on Academic Integrity
Student Conduct and Student Discipline
Submitting the whole of another's work as one's own (see the definition of "cheating"
above: this includes submitting another student's paper or a paper obtained from a
commercial term paper service as one's own);
Summarizing the ideas of a source without citing it; and
Using the exact wording of a source without putting that wording in quotation marks
and citing it;
Using, attempting to use, or assisting others in using materials that are prohibited
or inappropriate in the context of the academic assignment or examination in question,
such as: books, Web sites, prepared answers, written notes, or concealed information;

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/academicservices/index.php ---
Academic Degrees and Certificates
Academic Programs of Study
Academic and Career Pathways
Andrea Migliaccio, M.S.(925) 424-1108amigliaccio@laspositascollege.edu
Building 1600, Second FloorSuite 1690
Career Technical EducationApprenticeshipsIndustry Credentials
Carolyn Y. Scott, MPA(925) 424-1104cscott@laspositascollege.edu
Community EducationLifelong Learning Academy
Credit for Prior Learning
Faculty & Staff Resources
In collaboration with faculty and the Academic Services Office, produce a comprehensive
Schedule of Classes and College Catalog that meet the diverse and dynamic needs of
our students.
Inspire a culture of evidence and ongoing learning for faculty through meaningful
opportunities for professional development.
Las Positas College CatalogAcademic CalendarClass ScheduleAcademic Services FormsFinal Exam ScheduleAcademic Services Data Tools
Lifelong Learning Academy: Course Auditing
Megan Garcia, M.A.(925) 424-1467mcgarcia@laspositascollege.edu
Monday         8:00 am – 5:00 pmTuesday        8:00 am – 5:00 pmWednesday   8:00 am – 5:00 pmThursday       8:00 am – 5:00 pmFriday            8:00 am – 5:00 pm
Nan Ho, Ed.D.(925) 424-1103nho@laspositascollege.edu
Provide effective communication among the Division Offices and the Office of Academic
Services and Las Positas College as a whole about its academic programs as they relate
to student needs, curriculum, policies and procedures, and budgets.
The Academic Services Organization is responsible for the instructional programs,
instructional support services, and faculty/student support necessary to serve the
college, its students and community through quality academic offerings. Academic Services
comprises the Office of Academic Services and four divisions: Arts & Humanities (A&H);
Business, Social Science, and Learning Resources (BSSL); Public Safety, Advanced Manufacturing,
Transportation, Health & Kinesiology (PATH); Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics,
and Environment (STEM).
The Academic Services Team has set forth the following objectives as its priorities
for the coming year:
Traci Peterson, MPA(925) 424-1109tpeterson@laspositascollege.edu

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/quicklinks/index.php ---
A to Z Directory
About Las Positas College
Add or Drop a Class
Assessment & Tutorial Center
Campus Safety & Security
Career & Employment Center
Career Education & Training
Classes Not Meeting Today
English Department / Basic Skills/English Center
Faculty & Staff Directory
Integrated Learning Center (Math & ESL)
LPC Express Student Newspaper
Las Positas Goes GREEN!
Online Learning Main Page
Reading and Writing Resources (RAW)
Register for a class
STaR Room (Study, Tutoring and Reading)
Student Life Page and Links
Teaching and Learning Center
Vote - Register to Vote!

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/president/newsletter.php ---
About LPCStrategic PlanningOrganizational Chart
Angelica CazarezExecutive Assistant to the Presidentacazarez@laspositascollege.edu925.424.1002
Connect with the President
Each month the LPC President -- along with the leadership of the Academic Senate,
Classified Senate, LPCSG, College Foundations, and their counterparts from Chabot
College -- presents a report to the Board of Trustees at their regular meeting.
Mission, Vision & Values
Office of the President
President's Monthly Report to the Board of Trustees, Campus & Community
Research Planning & Institutional Effectiveness
The LasPositasConnection is distributed electronically each month following the Board
Meeting.
TheLas Positas Connectionhighlights activities that have taken place across the college, showcases upcoming
events, previews future initiatives, and shares successes by our students, faculty
and classified professionals. The President of the College presents this report to
the Board of Trustees on a monthly basis at their regular meeting.
Title IX Officer/Sexual Harassment OfficerDr. Jeanne Wilson925.424.1405
VacantSenior Administrative Assistant (Temporary Assignment)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/disclaimers/accessibility.php ---
All websites must be accessible. If a web page or site is found to be out of compliance,
the website author will be notified that changes need to be made. These changes should
be made in a timely manner. If not, the appropriate administrator/supervisor will
be notified.
Electronic communication and information technology are significant means by which
the college provides information to students, faculty, staff and other constituents.
Although the Web has the potential to make information more accessible to disabled
individuals, it relies on web developers to ensure that accessibility is achieved.
For more information please contact:
If you have a concern or wish to file a complaint about the accessibility of any content
on the website, please fill out theDSPS Accessibility Complaint Formor contact thewebmaster.
In keeping with Las Positas College’s ongoing commitment to provide access for all
students in our community, a Web Accessibility Policy has been established. This policy
is intended to help faculty, staff, and students facilitate the design of web materials
so that all web pages/sites are accessible to people with disabilities.
Las Positas College is required by Federal Law (the Americans with Disabilities Act
of 1990 and Sections 504 and 508 of the Rehabilitation Act) to provide access to its
programs and services to all qualified individuals. Just as these laws prevent Las
Positas College from designing buildings with no wheelchair access, they similarly
prevent Las Positas College from designing web sites that deny access to persons who
access the web through screen readers, cannot hear audio content, or are unable to
use a mouse.
Therefore, all parts and functions of official campus websites must be accessible
to individuals with disabilities, unless there is a compelling and legally justifiable
reason not to do so.
This policy was accepted by the Technology Committee as of April 28, 2003.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/gpas/index.php ---
Academic & Career Pathways
Advanced Manufacturing and TransportationThis pathway includes:Automotive TechnologyNoncredit Automotive TechnologyWelding TechnologyNoncredit Aviation
Browsesalary, job growth and training information.
Business, Economics, Entrepreneurship, and Information TechnologyThis pathway includes:BusinessNoncredit BusinessComputer Information SystemsComputer Networking TechnologyEconomicsMarketingWork Experience
Clickon an Academic & Career Pathway from above and select a Degree and/or Certificate
program to view your program map.
Create aprofileto save your results.
Early Care and Education
English as a Second Language
Explore careers that are right for YOU!
Explore majors at LPC!
Explore:careers, salaries and local job growth predictions.
Graphic Design & Digital Media
Health, Wellness, and Public SafetyThis pathway includes:Administration of JusticeEmergency Medical ServicesFire Service TechnologyHealthKinesiologyNutrition
Hover over a pathway to see what's inside. Click on a pathway to learn more.
Journalism and Media Studies
Language, Literature, and Communications StudiesThis pathway includes:American Sign LanguageCommunication StudiesEnglishEnglish as a Second LanguageNoncredit English as a Second LanguageFrenchJournalism and Media StudiesLibrary StudiesNoncredit Library StudiesSpanish
Liberal Arts and Sciences degrees and University Transfer certificates
Noncredit English as a Second Language
Not sure what you are looking for? Here is ahelpful overview of our pathways.
Occupational Safety and Health
Science, Technology, Engineering, Math, and EnvironmentThis pathway includes:AstronomyBiological SciencesChemistryComputer ScienceEngineeringEnvironmental StudiesEnvironmental ScienceGeographyGeologyHorticultureNoncredit HorticultureMathematicsNoncredit MathematicsOccupational Safety and HealthPhysicsRadiation SafetyViticulture and Winery Technology
Select aDegree or Certificate.
Society, Culture, and Human DevelopmentThis pathway includes:AnthropologyEarly Care and EducationEthnic StudiesFilm StudiesGlobal StudiesHistoryHumanitiesLGBTQ StudiesPsychology-CounselingPhilosophyPolitical SciencePsychologyReligious StudiesSociologyWomen’s Studies
There's a pathway for everyone at Las Positas College!
Undecided - Let's Explore!This pathway includes:Liberal Arts and Sciences degrees and University Transfer certificates
View recommended course sequencing onDegree & Certificate Maps.
Visual Arts, Performing Arts and DesignThis pathway includes:ArtArt HistoryDanceGraphic Design & Digital MediaMusicPhotographyTheater Arts
Viticulture and Winery Technology
Welcome to Las Positas College’s Academic & Career Pathways

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/feedback.php ---
925.424.1000Press Zero , Main Reception Desk
Admission to the College
Admission to the College – How to Apply
Admissions & Records Forms925.424.1545LPC-Admissions@laspositascollege.edu
Below are some of the most requested departments and services.
Contact Las Positas College
How may we help you?
Registering for a Class - Adding or Dropping a Class
Translation for Other Languages

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/counseling/index.php ---
30 min - 1 hr meetings
ACADEMIC  |  TRANSFER  |  CAREER  |  PERSONAL
Counselors at Las Positas College help students plan their coursework, identify and
discuss career and transfer goals, and provide personal counseling services.
Drop-in counseling may close early due to high demand.
General Counseling - Fall Hours
Meet the Counseling Team
See a Counselor (In-Person)
See a Counselor (Virtual)
Student Support ProgramsCalWORKsCareer CenterDreamer/Undocumented Student ResourcesDSPSEOPS/CAREPuenteTransfer CenterThe Smart Shops SeriesUmojaVeteran's First
The Smart Shops Series
To meet with a counselor, please select from below:
What is a Student Education Plan (SEP)?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/maxient/index.php ---
Any form of academic dishonesty, whether cheating or plagiarism, undermines the value
of grades for the entire student body and the College as a whole.  It is an affront
to every student who has labored to achieve success honestly and a threat to the College's
reputation for academic excellence.  For these reasons, the College does not tolerate
any form of academic dishonesty.  Any student attempting to gain an unfair advantage
in a course will be penalized, up to and including suspension from classes, if applicable.
 The actions taken against the student will also be permanently entered into the student's
educational record in the case of repeated, flagrant, or serious incidents.
College employees are encouraged to refer students who experience feelings, exhibit
actions, or express thoughts about behavioral or mental health concerns that may affect
their academic or personal well-being or that of others or that may disrupt instruction,
support services, or college operations.  Students may also self-refer themselves
for behavioral and mental health services.
Course Grades:It is important to note that course grades are determined by the instructor of the
course and the determination of the student’s grade by the instructor, in the absence
of mistake, fraud, bad faith, or incompetency, shall be final.
Exemptions:The student grievance process does not apply to standards of student conduct (student
disciplinary matters), sexual misconduct (including sexual discrimination, sexual
harassment, or illegal discrimination), financial aid actions, and parking tickets
all of which are covered under separate board policies and administrative procedures.
In accordance with Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972, “No person in the
United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied
the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any educational program or
activity receiving Federal financial assistance.”  All college employees are mandatory
reporters which requires them to report all allegations or knowledge of sexual misconduct
that involves students.
In case of an emergency, please call 911 to solicit first responders (fire, paramedics,
or police).
Informal Resolution – Each student who has a grievance shall make a reasonable effort
to resolve the matter on an informal basis prior to requesting a grievance hearing,
and shall attempt to solve the problem with the person with whom the student has the
grievance, that person’s immediate supervisor, or the local college administration.
Not sure if a behavior is a violation or what incident referral form to use?Contact the Office of the Vice President of Student Services.
STUDENT ONLY FORM.Students have the right to benefit from instruction and participate in academic,
co-curricular, and extracurricular activities provided or sponsored by the College.
 Students are encouraged to submit a grievance if they reasonably believe a college
decision or action has adversely affected their status, rights, or privileges as a
student.  The grievance may be against another student or an employee of the College.
Students are responsible for complying with all college and district regulations at
all times.  The College has an obligation to maintain conditions under which the work
of the college can go forward freely, in accordance with the highest standards of
quality, institutional integrity, and freedom of expression.  In joining the academic
community, students enjoy the right of freedom to learn and share responsibility in
exercising that freedom.  A student is expected to conduct themselves in accordance
with the standards of student conduct.
To refer a student to mental health services, please use theLPC Student Mental Health Incident Referral Form
To report a student Title IX violation, please use theLPC Student Title IX Incident Referral Form
To report a student grievance, please use theLPC Student Grievance Form
To report an academic integrity violation, please use theLPC Academic Integrity Incident Referral Form
To report student discipline, please use theLPC Student Discipline Incident Referral Form

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/stepstosuccess/index.php ---
Attended Chabot or Las Positas College in the past.
Attended or currently attending another college
Attending college for the first time.
ENGLISH AS A SECONDLANGUAGE STUDENT
Have a question about Admissions, Enrollment, Adding/Dropping a Course, Financial
Aid or more?
In order to help you reach your goals, we encourage you to choose the category below
that best describes you and follow the steps to become an enrolled student at Las
Positas College.
ONE OR TWO CLASSESSTUDENT
Plan to attend Las Positas College on an F1 visa.
Plan to take one or two classes at Las Positas College
Planning to take college courses while in high school.
RETURNING LAS POSITAS COLLEGE STUDENT
Short-term, fee-based classes that are not for college credit
Study English as a Second Language (ESL)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/about/mission.php ---
Committing to anti-racist policies and practices
Degree and career-technicalinclude Associate of Arts (AA), Associate of Science (AS),  Associate in Arts for
Transfer (AAT), Associate in Science for Transfer (AST), Certificate of Achievement,
Certificate of Competency, and Certificate of Completion.
Demonstrating civic, social and environmental responsibility
Educational opportunities- include but are not limited to classroom and Distance Education (DE) instruction,
athletics, field trips, guest speakers, student government, cultural opportunities,
clubs, labs, internships, tutoring service, workshops, library research, career training,
and mentoring.
Encouraging and celebrating lifelong learning
Ensuring that Las Positas is a sanctuary campus for undocumented students
Faculty & Staff Directory
Fostering a climate of discovery, creativity, personal development, and physical and
mental health
Glossary of Selected Terms
Holding firm to the belief that each of us makes an astonishing difference.
Inclusive- welcoming of a diverse group of students including but not limited to: all race-ethnicity
groups, all ages, all genders, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender+, first generation,
students with disabilities, veterans, students with children, all socio-economic backgrounds,
including those from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, undocumented, international,
multicultural, religious beliefs and practices—all with varying skill levels and learning
styles.
Las Positas College provides an inclusive, learning-centered, equity-focused environment
that offers educational opportunities and support for completion of students’ transfer,
degree, and career-technical goals while promoting lifelong learning.
Las Positas College strives to support and empower students to develop the knowledge,
skills, values, and abilities needed to become engaged participants and leaders in
their local and global communities.
Las Positas College thrives as a collaborative teaching and learning community committed
to integrity and excellence by:
Learning-Centered- refers to courses, programs, disciplines, modes of delivery, learning communities,
accounting for varying skill levels and learning styles, creative and critical thinking,
and having necessary and specialized facilities.
Mission, Vision, Goals & Values
Planning and Budget Cycle
Promoting ethical behavior, mutual trust, equity, and respect within our diverse community
Responding to the needs of the ever-changing workplace and society
Supportincludes tutoring services, Reading and Writing Center, learning communities, student
workshop opportunities, counseling, faculty office hours, Math Learning Center, supplemental
instruction, Admissions and Records, advisory boards, Health and Wellness Services,
financial aid, evening services, veteran services, learning management system, online
courses, online counseling, online tutoring, technology support for online students,
food pantry, cafeteria, bookstore, technology, appropriate pathways, assessment, Child
Development Center, Library, Computer Center,  technical support, Student Services,
programs for traditionally marginalized students, Administrative Services; all provided
by a dedicated group of faculty, classified professionals, and administrators.
The multiple meanings of the terms used in theMission Statementare below:

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/disclaimers/viewers.php ---
Adobe Acrobat Reader DC is the free, trusted standard for viewing, printing, and annotating
PDFs.
For more information please contact:

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/raw/index.php ---
Come see us for reading and writing help forANYclass!
Create a freeonline accountwith Penji using your Zonemail (required).
During Fall and Spring semesters, drop-in in-person tutoring locations are21215E (in the Tutoring Center), the Black Cultural Resorce Center (1726), and the
Veterans Center (1310).
During summer semesters, online tutoring and paper drop-off services are available
(no in-person tutoring)
For more information please contact:
For online tutoring, or to drop off a paper, find us from any Canvas course on the
left-hand-side navigation: "LPC Tutoring/RAW"
Here is information on how to find and access yourZonemail email address.
How to Access Drop-in Tutoringor Drop-off a Paper
Not sure how to see a tutor? Take a look at our current schedule, and follow guidelines
below.
Open February 10 to May 30
Please watch our videos on how todrop-infor tutoring and how todrop offa paper.
RAW ResourcesReadingWritingGrammar and StyleResearch and DocumentationPlagiarismNext Level English
Reading & Writing Center
Reading and Writing Center (RAW)
Tips for your RAW Visits
Tutoring is powered by the Penji app account. Once your account is created, you can
also download thephone app(not required).
We are a tutoring team providing LPC students with reading and writing help forANY class!Wecan also help with personal statements for scholarships andessays for college applications.
We have tutoring available 7 days a week! In-person and online tutoring sessions are
20 minutes, first-come, first-served. Paper drop-off services are also available (get
feedback on your essay within 48 hours)
What is the RAW Center?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/programs/noncredit.php ---
Advanced ESL Communication Studies
Automotive Advanced Smog Technician
Automotive Basic Certificate of Completion
Automotive Smog Certificate of Completion
Automotive TechnologyAutomotive Advanced Smog TechnicianAutomotive Basic Certificate of CompletionAutomotive ChassisAutomotive MechanicalAutomotive Smog Certificate of CompletionAutomotive Summer CampConcepts of Automotive Body SystemsConcepts of Automotive ChassisConcepts of Automotive Know HowConcepts of Automotive MechanicalConcepts of Automotive Powertrain
AviationDrone Photography, Mapping, and Piloting Certificate of Completion
Basic Research Skills Certificate of Completion
BusinessCustomer Service Certificate of CompletionSmall Business Management Certificate of Completion
Career & Technical Education
Certificate of Competency:A Certificate of Competency is a noncredit certificate intended for students who
do not need credit for transfer or for employment but wish to improve their basic
skills in English or Mathematics or learn English as a second language. The Certificate
of Competency is awarded to those students who successfully complete the required
courses for the certificate.
Certificate of Completion:A Certificate of Completion is a noncredit certificate intended for students who
do not need credit for transfer but who wish to obtain the knowledge and preparation
of skills needed for entry level positions in the workforce or obtain short-term vocational
skills needed for immediate employment. The Certificate of Completion is awarded to
those students who successfully complete the required courses for the certificate.
College Mathematics Pathway Certificate of Competency
College Mathematics Support Certificate of Competency
Concepts of Automotive Body Systems
Concepts of Automotive Chassis
Concepts of Automotive Know How
Concepts of Automotive Mechanical
Concepts of Automotive Powertrain
Continuing Education classes, also known as “noncredit,” are financially supported
by the state of California and are offered tuition-free. Continuing Education classes
are designed to provide students with a high-quality learning experience. Tuition-free
classes include ESL (English as a Second Language), Elementary and Secondary Basic
Skills Math & English, Short Term Vocational and Workforce Preparation. Some courses
may require a materials fee or the purchase of a textbook. These classes do not earn
college credit. For noncredit enrollment information please see theAdmissions & Records Noncredit FAQs.
Customer Service Certificate of Completion
Departments with Noncredit Courses:
Departments with Noncredit Programs:
Drone Photography, Mapping, and Piloting Certificate of Completion
ESL College Grammar Pathway Certificate of Competency
ESL College Reading and Writing PathwayCertificate of Competency
English as a Second Language
English as a Second LanguageAdvanced ESL Communication StudiesESL College Grammar Pathway Certificate of CompetencyESL College Reading and Writing PathwayCertificate of CompetencyVocational ESL: Retail Certificate of Completion
For course descriptions please see thecollege catalog. Noncredit courses are numbered between 200 to 299.
Foundational Mathematics Pathway Certificate of Competency
Horticulture Certificate of Completion
HorticultureHorticulture Certificate of Completion
Library StudiesBasic Research Skills Certificate of Completion
Math Jam Tutor Pathway Certificate of Completion
MathematicsCollege Mathematics Pathway Certificate of CompetencyCollege Mathematics Support Certificate of CompetencyFoundational Mathematics Pathway Certificate of CompetencyMath Jam Tutor Pathway Certificate of Completion
Small Business Management Certificate of Completion
Vocational ESL: Retail Certificate of Completion

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/bcrc/index.php ---
At Las Positas College, our community encompasses a rich and diverse mix of cultures,
backgrounds, talents, and perspectives. This diversity is an essential part of our
academic excellence, our creative and innovative spirit, and our warm campus climate.
A²MENDA²MEND Charter ProgramStudent Charters List
BEA EventsEvents CalendarBlack Student Success Week
BEA: Meet The Team
BEA: Mission & Commitments
Black Cultural Resource Center
Black Cultural Resource CenterMission
Black Student Success Week
Black Student Union (BSU)
Campus Safety & Security
Career & Employment Center
ConnectUp First Year Program
For a comprehensive list of our campus resources please see ourStudent Resource Guide
Give to the Black Cultural Resource Center
Hispanic Serving Institution Grant
Savannah RichardsonBCRC CoordinatorBuilding 1700, Room 1726(925) 424-1085srichardson@laspositascollege.edulpc-bcrc@laspositascollege.eduFall 2024 HoursMonday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.Tuesday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.Wednesday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.Thursday 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.Fridays - 8:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.The BCRC will be closed on the following dates:January 20: Dr. MLK Jr. DayFebruary 14 & 17: Presidents' DayMarch 20: Flex DayApril 4, 7-11, 18: Spring Break, etc.May 26: Memorial Day
Student Health & Wellness Center
Student Services departments, offices, and programs have been established to help
students attain their educational goals and add value to the college experience. Each
Student Services entity is designed to assist students in the decision-making process
by helping them identify and clarify academic, career, and personal goals. It is our
hope that students will seek Student Services assistance throughout their educational
journey at Las Positas College.
The Black Cultural Resource Center (BCRC) offers culturally relevant and responsive
support, resources, and community to Las Positas College students. Click the button
below to learn more about how you can help support the BCRC.
The Black Cultural Resource Center (BCRC) offers culturally relevant and responsive
support, resources, and community to Las Positas College students. Housing LPC's Black-centered
programs such as Umoja, A2 MEND, Sista 2 Sista, ConnectUp, BSU, and BEA, the purpose
of the center is to provide a sense of community, visibility, and a safe space where
Black students are empowered to exist freely with love, self-definition, and self-determination.
The Black Cultural Resource Center (BCRC)is a space designed for students to study, arrange for academic or mental health counseling,
and to meet in study groups. It is also a place to just hangout and have engaging
discussions with other classmates or participate in fun activities such as open mics,
movie nights, and game nights.Additionally, we host Black History Month events, Black Scholars Family Night for
students who earned a 3.0 or higher in the Fall and a Black Graduation Celebration
in May each year.
The Black Cultural Resource Center is a safe space for Black students to connect to
resources and support to achieve their individual goals. Our center's annual goals
are informed by students and sponsored by the Black Education Association.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/financialaid/eligibility.php ---
*Please email from yourZonemail& include yourW#!
1. Citizenship or Eligible Non-Citizen Status
2. Additional Eligibility Requirements
Academic Progress:You must be making Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) according to the college’s
financial aid policy.
An eligible non-citizen (such as a permanent resident, resident alien, refugee, or
asylee).
Building 1600, Second FloorRoom 1650(925) 424-1580lpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu
By meeting these criteria, you can be considered for federal and most state financial
aid. Make sure to review all requirements and submit the proper documentation to the
Financial Aid Office. Please confirm with our office on your eligibility and send
all information with your 'Zonemail' email acccount & include your W#.
Demonstrate financial need by completing the Free Application for Federal Student
Aid (FAFSA) or the California Dream Act Application.
Documentation:Provide all documentation requested by the Financial Aid Office (check MyPORTAL for
details).
Documentation:Social Security cards or driver’s licenses are not enough to prove citizenship or
eligible non-citizen status. You must provide the specific documentation requested
by the Financial Aid Office.
Educational Background:You must have a high school diploma, GED, or a state-approved equivalent.
Enrollment:You must apply to and be enrolled at Las Positas College.You need to be officially enrolled in a degree, certificate, or eligible transfer
program in a declared major.
Federal Grants & Programs
Financial Aid TV En Español
Financial Need:Demonstrate financial need by completing the Free Application for Federal Student
Aid (FAFSA) or the California Dream Act Application.
For more details on non-U.S. citizens’ eligibility, visit:Non-U.S. CitizensEligibility.
Holders of G series visas (for international organizations).
Important Notes:Some California aid programs may have less strict rules for non-U.S. citizens.Not Eligible:Non-immigrants on temporary visas (for example, F-1, F-2, J-1, J-2, and others such
as A, B-1, B-2, C, D-1, D-2, E, G, H series, K, L, M series, N, O series, P series,
Q, R, S, TN, TD, V, TWOV, and NATO visas).Individuals with only a “Notice of Approval to Apply for Permanent Residence” (Form
I-171 or I-464).Holders of G series visas (for international organizations).Undocumented students or those with only temporary statuses like certain DACA cases
(note: DACA recipients may be eligible for state or college aid; they should complete
the FAFSA and check with the Financial Aid Office).
Individuals with only a “Notice of Approval to Apply for Permanent Residence” (Form
I-171 or I-464).
Loan/Grant Standing:You must not be in default on any Federal student loans or owe a repayment on a Federal
student grant.
Meet Our Financial Aid Staff
Non-immigrants on temporary visas (for example, F-1, F-2, J-1, J-2, and others such
as A, B-1, B-2, C, D-1, D-2, E, G, H series, K, L, M series, N, O series, P series,
Q, R, S, TN, TD, V, TWOV, and NATO visas).
Not Eligible:Non-immigrants on temporary visas (for example, F-1, F-2, J-1, J-2, and others such
as A, B-1, B-2, C, D-1, D-2, E, G, H series, K, L, M series, N, O series, P series,
Q, R, S, TN, TD, V, TWOV, and NATO visas).Individuals with only a “Notice of Approval to Apply for Permanent Residence” (Form
I-171 or I-464).Holders of G series visas (for international organizations).Undocumented students or those with only temporary statuses like certain DACA cases
(note: DACA recipients may be eligible for state or college aid; they should complete
the FAFSA and check with the Financial Aid Office).
Our after-hours DROPBOX is in the hallway between the Admissions & Financial Aid Offices.
Provide all documentation requested by the Financial Aid Office (check MyPORTAL for
details).
Resources for Foster Youth
Resources for Student Parents
Some California aid programs may have less strict rules for non-U.S. citizens.
To qualify for federal and most state financial aid, you must meet several requirements:
Types of AidFree TuitionFederal Grants & ProgramsState GrantsCCPG Fee WaiverScholarships
Undocumented students or those with only temporary statuses like certain DACA cases
(note: DACA recipients may be eligible for state or college aid; they should complete
the FAFSA and check with the Financial Aid Office).
You Must Be:A U.S. citizen,ORAn eligible non-citizen (such as a permanent resident, resident alien, refugee, or
asylee).
You must apply to and be enrolled at Las Positas College.
You must be making Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) according to the college’s
financial aid policy.
You must have a high school diploma, GED, or a state-approved equivalent.
You must not be in default on any Federal student loans or owe a repayment on a Federal
student grant.
You need to be officially enrolled in a degree, certificate, or eligible transfer
program in a declared major.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/healthcenter/index.php ---
"988" is the three-digit, nationwide phone number to connect directly to the 988 Suicide
and Crisis Lifeline.
3000 Campus Hill DriveBuilding 1700, Room 1710Livermore, CA 94551(925) 424-1830pgonsman@laspositascollege.edu
Anyone Can Save a Life
Anyone Can Save a LifeAs part of the Naloxone Distribution Project, Las Positas College Student Health Center
will provide educational and preventive information about opioid overdose and use.
We will also have opioid overdose reversal medication, Naloxone, available to all
students in need of the medication. Please inquire at the LPC Student Health and Wellness
Center if you would to participate in the program. The Student Health and Wellness
Center is located in Building 1700, Room 1710Download PDF
As part of the Naloxone Distribution Project, Las Positas College Student Health Center
will provide educational and preventive information about opioid overdose and use.
We will also have opioid overdose reversal medication, Naloxone, available to all
students in need of the medication. Please inquire at the LPC Student Health and Wellness
Center if you would to participate in the program. The Student Health and Wellness
Center is located in Building 1700, Room 1710Download PDF
Call the Student Health Center at 925-424-1830, emailpgonsman@laspositascollege.eduor stop the Student Health Wellness Center.
Certified Medical AssistantMonica Clifford
Interested in Personal Counseling?
Nurse Practitioner/Center CoordinatorPatricia “Tricia” Gonsman, MSN FNP-C
On behalf of the Student Health & Wellness Center, I would like to welcome you to
Las Positas College.  I am very happy that you have chosen Las Positas College as
your college as choice.
Our goal is to help students remain healthy during their time at the college so that
they may achieve their educational goals.  Please stop by the Student Health & Wellness
Center to learn more about our services.  Stay safe and be well.
Patricia “Tricia” GonsmanNurse Practitioner and Student Health & Wellness Center Coordinator
Personal Counseling Drop-In Hours
Pleases return Mental Health Intake Packet topgonsman@laspositascollege.edu
Stanford Health Care Tri-Valley
Student Health & Wellness Center
Student Health & Wellness ServicesHome
The Health Center follows the Las Positas Collegeacademic calendar.Clinic will be closed 1:00-1:30 pm for lunch break.
The Las Positas College Student Health & Wellness Center is open.Please call us for an in-person appointment at (925) 424-1830.
The Student Health & Wellness Center at Las Positas College is operated in partnership
with Stanford Health Care – Tri-Valley to serve students.
The Student Health & Wellness Center offers a variety of health services, mental health
counseling, and information on how to access medical assistance from off-campus agencies
and health care providers.
Welcome Message by Nurse Practitioner

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/class-schedule/finals.php ---
Fast Track and Late Start Classes:Final exams held during the last 2 hours of the last class meeting.
For more information please contact:
NOTE: This information is subject to change.
Online Classes:Consult your instructor for final exam information.
Spring 2025 Final Exam Schedule (pdf)
Spring 2025 final examinations for full-term classes will be held May 23, 2025 – May
30, 2025. Your final exam might not always occur at the same time as your class. Please
carefully check the chart below to determine the time and day of your final exam.
The schedule below applies to final exams given in face-to face classes, hybrid courses
(online with in-person meetings for exams, labs, or skills instruction), and online
courses taught synchronously. Instructors teaching online asynchronously, or a combination
of asynchronous and synchronous, will clarify their final exam instructions on the
class syllabus. This final exam schedule applies to full-term classes only.
The first hour and the first day of the week that day classes meet determines placement
of the final exam. In determining the examination time for lecture-laboratory classes
and lecture-discussion courses, the lecture period determines the time. For stand-alone
lab course (with its own CRN Number), a two-hour final examination will be given during
final examination week. The first hour and the day of the week that the laboratory
class meets will determine the placement of the class in the schedule below. If you
have a question about when and where your final exam will take place, please contact
your instructor.
Weekend Classes:All Saturday classes have their finals in their regular room at the regular class
time scheduled on Saturday, May 24, 2025.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/clubs/index.php ---
*Hours of operation of this office are subject to change.
Club Travel Procedures and Forms
Clubsare a way for students to connect with people who share similar interests.
For more information, please contact:
Josué A. HernándezProgram Coordinator, Student Life and Leadership(925) 424-1494jahernandez@laspositascollege.edu
Las Positas College Student Life & Leadership Policies and Procedures Handbook
Las Positas College has numerous clubs encompassing cultural, educational and special
interests. We encourage all students to get involved and find something that they
are interested in!
Please contact the Student Life Office staff for more information regarding Student
Clubs and Student Life policies and procedures.
Spring 2024 Office Hours*Monday             9:00 am - 5:00 pmTuesday             9:00 am - 7:00 pmWednesday      9:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday           9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday                 9:00 am - 1:00 pm
Steps for New and Reactivating Clubs
Student Government LeadersVisit theLPCSG Officers and Senatorswebpage for email addresses.
Student Life OfficeBuilding 1600, Room 1643(925) 424-1490lpc-studentlife@laspositascollege.edu
TheStudent Governmentwelcomes youto learn about and join all the clubs on campus or start a club if the one you're
looking for doesn't currently exist. A list of currently active clubs can be found
on the Student Clubs website.
Welcome to Las Positas College Student Life! Getting involved in Student Life is a
great way to be connected to the campus, make new friends, gain valuable leadership
experience, develop organizational skills, help build community on campus, and have
fun.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/safety/index.php ---
*16 from Campus Pay Phones Emergency call-boxes
Access to Campus Facilities
All individuals that are wanting to be notified in the event of an emergency, please
use the following link to sign up. This link is intended for non-staff and non-students
only. If you are a staff member or student and have questions/concerns, please contact
campus safety.
Behavioral Intervention Resource Team (BIRT)
Campus Safety & Security
Campus Safety and Security Mission
Emergency Response & Evacuation Procedures
Emergency Text Notification System
For more information please contact:
In compliance with the Jeanne Cleary Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus
Crime Statistics Act, Las Positas College has made crime reporting statistics available
online. Reported crimes that occurred on campus, in certain off-campus buildings or
property owned or controlled by Las Positas College and on public property within,
or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus, during the last three years
are included. The report also includes institutional policies concerning campus security,
alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault and
other safety matters.
Las Positas College Alert System
Las Positas and Chabot have adopted a new parking permit system. The new permit system
is a digital system that is registered to your car's license plate.YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE A PHYSICAL PERMIT.
PoliciesSexual Assault PolicySmoking PolicySubstance Abuse PolicyWeapons PolicyAED Policy
Printed copies are available by request in the Campus Security office in Building
1700, room 1725 or the Office of the Vice President of Administrative Services.
Public Access Defibrillation Policies and Procedures(PDF document)
Security ServicesEscort ServicesParking InformationParking PermitsVisitor Permit Request FormAccess to Campus FacilitiesBehavioral Intervention Resource Team (BIRT)
The mission of Campus Safety and Security at Las Positas Community College is to work
with all members of the campus community to ensure safe learning and working environments,
to protect persons and property, and to effectively promote compliance with rules
and regulations approved by the Board of Trustees for the orderly facilitation of
higher education. We are committed to providing high-quality, customer-oriented, sensitive
security and safety services, and to respecting the differences and diversity of our
students and staff.
Visitor Permit Request Form

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/facultystaff/index.php ---
Academic ServicesBuilding 1600, Room 1690
Behavioral Intervention Resource Team (BIRT)
Campus Safety & Security
College Enrollment Management Committee (CEMC)
Faculty & Staff Resources
Faculty & Staff Resources Home
For more information please contact:
Forms & Procedures (District)
Governance Website (Grapevine Intranet)
Information & Online Services
Materials Fees Request Form
Workshops - Teaching & Learning Center (TLC)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/admissions/concurrent.php ---
1. Please check the link with a video presentation of the Concurrent Enrollment process.
3. Complete theonline Admission applicationand print the APP. ID. confirmation page for your records.
4. Fill out the REQUIRED Concurrent Enrollment Recommendation Form through Adobe Sign.Paper copies will not be accepted.
APPLICATION AND FORMS MUST BE COMPLETED BEFORE REGISTRATION!
ATTENTION: COURSE RESTRICTIONS FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
Accepting High School Concurrent Enrollment Applications for the Summer 2025.
Admissions & Records Office
Adobe Sign Concurrent Enrollment form for continuing students
Adobe Sign Concurrent Enrollment form for new students
Applications will not be accepted for courses that are closed or full.
CLASS-Web or MyPortalis the college’s online student portal where students may register for courses, view
the online student orientation, take the guided self-placement, pay fees, and much
more. Please check the linkCLASS-Web Step-by-Step Guidesto learn more about Class-Web.
Concurrent Enrollment (High School Students)
Concurrent Enrollment Admission Steps
Concurrent Enrollment process video presentation
Continuing Concurrent Enrollment Students.High School students that have participated in the Concurrent Enrollment program
for a previous term, please use the link below:
Current students should email from theirZonemailand include their W number.
Email:Please send all Admissions and Records inquires via email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
Enrollment fees (classes fees) and student fees are waived for students in the Concurrent
Enrollment program.Students will be charged a materials fee, if applicable.
Enrollment in basic skills courses (ENG 100 level, most ESL courses, MATH 100 level)
are not allowed (Ed. Code 48800).
First time Concurrent Enrollment Students.High School students that are applying for the Concurrent Enrollment program for
the first time, please use the link below:
For important dates and deadlines, please consult theACADEMIC CALENDAR.
How to activate your zonemail account
How to complete Concurrent Enrollment form PDF
IMPORTANT:It is preferred that you fill out this request using your zonemail email address
to protect the privacy of your information.
Important Dates and Deadlines
Incomplete applications will not be accepted or processed.
Las Positas College provides the opportunity for high school students in 09th, 10th,
11th, and 12th grades to enroll in college-level courses. Students in 8thgrade may be admitted through special agreements between Las Positas College and
school districts. Students who desire to participate in concurrent enrollment must
be recommended by their high school principal or designee and have written parental
permission. Further information on the Concurrent Enrollment policy is available at
the student's high school, and at the Office of Admissions and Records in Bldg 1600.
We are happy to be able to offer High School students the opportunity to enroll concurrently
for the Spring, Summer, & Fall semesters.
Las Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveBuilding 1600, Room 1670Livermore, CA 94551
March 4 - July 17, 2025………..Accepting High School Concurrent Enrollment Applications for the Fall 2025.
March 4 - May 5, 2025
March 4 - May 5, 2025…………Accepting High School Concurrent Enrollment Applications for the Summer 2025.
Please be aware that concurrent enrollment students are subject to certain restrictions/limitations.
Please review the following:
Please make sure to check the class schedule for the term you are applying for before
choosing your classes.
Registration date Summer/Fall 2025 Term for all High School students that submitted
their forms on time, Begins May 05, 2025.
Spring 2025 Office/Window Hours
Stop by the Student Health Center in Building 1700 with your parent or guardian to
    submit theParent/Guardian Minor Student Authorization Form. This form is not required to participate in the Concurrent Enrollment program, but
    if you would like to receive regular services from the Health Center, you will need
    to submit this completed form, along with any additional requirements. Please note
    that you must also pay the Student Health Fee to receive services at the Health Center.
    If you have participated in the Concurrent Enrollment program in the past and have
    already submitted this form, there is no need to submit this form again unless the
    information you provided has changed.
Students attending home school should also submit a copy of their R4 Affidavits. (CA
Ed Code, section 33190)
Students may begin submitting all required documentationthrough Adobe Sign on these dates:
Students who complete paperwork for the LPC Concurrent Enrollment Program may ONLY
register for LPC classes. Those who wish to register in class(es) at Chabot College
MUST complete paperwork for the Chabot Concurrent Enrollment Program.
Students who wish to enroll in English and/or Math must still take the Assessment
test or clear the prerequisite viaCounseling. Effective Fall 2019, placement for English and Math will change. Visit theAssessment Centerwebsite for more information.
Unit limitations - Summer, Fall and Spring are limited to 11 units each.
You mustconsult theCollege Catalogto determine if any requested classes haveprerequisites. Any prerequisites must be cleared prior to registration. For more assistance with
prerequisites, visit theCounseling Office.
You will notice that we are accepting high school freshmans, sophomores, juniors and
seniors only.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/quicklinks/alpha.php ---
AGS - Alpha Gamma Sigma Honor Society
About Las Positas College
Add or Drop a Class - CLASS-Web
Administrators - Directory of Faculty, Staff & Administrators
Admissions & Records (A&R)
Associate Degrees for Transfer - State Chancellor
Basic Skills English Center
Black Cultural Resource Center
CLASS-Web: Class Schedules and More!
Campus Map&Directions to LPC
Campus Safety & Security Department
Career Education and Technical Training
Catalog - College Catalog
Certificates & Degrees at LPC
Chabot College - "Sister College"
Chancellor's Office - District
Child Development Center (CDC)&Enrollment
Classes Not Meeting Today
Community Education - Non-credit
Concurrent Enrollment - High School Students
Design Shop / Visual Communications Services
Directions to LPC&Campus Map (pdf)
Directory - Faculty, Staff, Administrators
Disability Resource Center (DSPS)
Drop or Add a Class - CLASS-Web
EOPS - Extended Opportunity Programs & Services
ESL - English as a Second Language
Earnings for various degrees -Salary Surfer
Email for Students - The Zone
Emergency Notification System (Text) - AlertU
Emergency on Campus - Dial: 925.424.1699
Employment - Chabot-Las Positas Community College District
English Center - Basic Skills
English Lab - Online
Enrollment - Child Development Center
Escort Services - Parking Lots
FAQs - Admissions & Records
FAQs - Distance / Online Learning
FAQs - Financial Aid
FAQs - International Students Program
FAQs - Veterans First Program
Facebook Page - Las Positas College!
Faculty - Directory of Faculty, Staff & Administrators
Financial Aid - Net Price Calculator
Financial Aid TV - Videos
Find People - Faculty - Staff
Follett Bookstore at LPC
Foundation - LPC Foundation
Fuel Efficient Vehicle (FEV) Parking
Gear - Create Your LPC Gear!
Grades - Check Your Grades on CLASS-Web
Green Campus - Sustainability - LPC Goes Green
Health Center - Paid by your student fees!!
High School - ROP Articulation
High School Students - Concurrent Enrollment
Honor Society - AGS - Alpha Gamma Sigma Honor Society
Hours - All College Departments
Integrated Learning Center (ILC)
Las Positas College A to Z Directory
Las Positas College Facebook Page
Logo Gear - Create Your LPC Gear!
Majors - Programs & Certificates at LPC
Map of Campus (pdf)&Directions to Campus&Public Transportation
Net Price Calculator - College Tuition
Newspaper - Student :Express
Non-Credit - Community Education
Office Hours - All Departments
Online Learning - FAQs
Online Learning - Technical Requirements
Outlines - All Courses
Parking - Escort Services to Parking
Parking - Fuel Efficient Vehicles (FEV) & Charging Stations
Parking Fees & Permits at LPC
Public Transportation& Map of Campus (pdf)&Directions to Campus
ROP - High School Students
Reading & Writing (RAW) Resources & Center
Regional Occupational Program (ROP)
Register for Classes - CLASS-Web
Research, Planning & Institutional Effectiveness
STaR Room (Study, Tutoring and Reading Room)
Safety & Security Department
Safety Texts - AlertU
Salary Surfer - Earnings for various degrees
Scorecard - State Student Success Scorecard
Staff - Directory of Faculty, Staff & Administrators
Student Educational Plan (SEP)
Student Learning Outcomes - Faculty
Sustainability - LPC Goes Green
Technical Training and Career Education
Transfer - Honors Transfer Program
Transportation - Public|Map of Campus (pdf)|Directions to Campus
Visual Communications Services / Design Shop
Voting - Register to Vote!
Websites - Faculty / Instructors

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/president/speakerseries.php ---
A highly sought out speaker at colleges and conferences nationwide, Dr. Michael Benitez
is a nationally-acclaimed scholar practitioner and educator in the field of diversity,
equity and inclusion in higher education. Dr. Benitez is known for his down-to-earth,
insightful commentary, and critical perspectives on social and cultural issues, ranging
from leadership and identity development, intersectionality, race and ethnicity, postcolonial
thought, knowledge production, and critical pedagogy and practice in higher education.Dr. Benitez has authored book chapters and articles on identity development, hip hop
culture, cultural centers, cultural and ethnic studies, institutional research and
campus climates, and faculty development. He is co-editor of the anthology,Crash Course: Reflections on the Film “Crash” for Critical Dialogues About Race, Power
and Privilege, and has contributed to online magazines, scholarly databases, books, and peer-reviewed
journals. Benitez has been featured in educational documentaries such asCracking the Codes: The System of Racial Inequityand has appeared on talk shows such asWorlds Apart,Hard Knock Radio, andSpeak Out with Tim Wiseand is occasionally invited to contribute to and appear on podcasts and media outlets,
addressing some of today's most pressing diversity, equity, and inclusion issues and
challenges.Part of his success lies in his ability to speak heart-to-heart while bridging theory
and scholarly inquiry with everyday life, his use of accessible language that multiple
audiences can relate to, and his deep knowledge and practice of innovate equity and
inclusion-based strategies and approaches to address some of higher education’s more
pressing campus climate issues of today, providing multi-context and issue frameworks
for empowerment and transformation. Benitez has helped create, shape, and lead such
innovate programs as the Diversity Monologues- a critical spoken work initiative he
has helped implement and shape at multiple institutions, the campus climate community
participatory framework, and the NW5C consortium for supporting faculty of color.Over the last two decades, Dr. Benitez has served higher education in different capacities,
including; academic affairs, student affairs, diversity and inclusion and teaching,
and currently serves as the Vice President for Diversity and Inclusion, and Associate
Professor of Multicultural Education at Metropolitan State University of Denver.Dr. Benitez completed both his B.S. and M.Ed. at the Pennsylvania State University,
where he gained interest in pursuing doctoral studies as a TRIO student and McNair
Scholar. He holds a Ph.D. in Educational Leadership and Policy with a focus on Social
Justice in Higher Education, from Iowa State University School of Education, and has
been recognized with multiple leadership and scholarly awards throughout his career.
About LPCStrategic PlanningOrganizational Chart
Angelica CazarezExecutive Assistant to the Presidentacazarez@laspositascollege.edu925.424.1002
As a published author and political commentator, his works include commentary in the
Discovery Channel's documentary, The Crimes that Change US Season 1, Episode 8, Rodney
King, a book chapter (Crossroads Traveler) in Tough Love: Cultural Criticism & Familiar
Observations on the Life and Death of Tupac Shakur, Family Story's, The Case Against
Marriage Fundamentalism, CFT's Reclaiming the Promise of Racial Equity for Black Men
in California, in the Source Magazine, Native Son, LA City Councilman Alex Padilla,
and the New Latino Power, and numerous articles on race, gender, inequality and higher
education in The Sacramento Observer, The Sacramento News and Review, The Los Angeles
Sentinel and Sacramento University News and Information.
Brown, B. A., Boda, P., Lemmi, C., Monroe, X. J.2019;54 (6): 775-803
Brown, B. A., Henderson, B., Gray, S., Donovan, B., Sullivan, S.2013;3 (1): 1
Brown, B. A., Kloser, M.2009;4 (4): 921
Brown, B. A., Parsons, E., Miles, R., Henderson, B.2013;19 (2)
Brown, B. A., Ryoo, K., Rodriguez, J.2010;32 (11): 1465-1493
Brown, B. A.2009;4 (2): 379-386
Brown, B. A.2011;22 (8): 679-704
CEO & Senior Consultant
Click Here for Dr. Angelo Williams' Presentation
Click Here for Recording - December President's Speaker Series:  Chloe O. Davis
Coach Potter inspires and challenges audiences with his real story of victory over
severe depression. He was a head men’s basketball coach for 30 years, but left coaching
to pursue his passion for educating and motivating people from all occupations.  Potter
speaks on many topics including motivation and mental toughness, but his greatest
passion lies in his personal battle with severe depression. He has been on a crusade
to educate people about depression and encourage others suffering from mental illness
to seek assistance.  His passion is to share his story in hopes that people will pursue
treatment and find a way to live productively with mental illness.
Colorblind: The Rise of Post-Racial Politics and the Retreat from Racial Equity​https://lpclibrary.overdrive.com/media/593677
Connect with the President
December Speaker Series Presents: Chloe O. Davis
Dr. Angelo Williams is the recipient of the Sacramento Bee's 2024 Black Change Maker
Award for his decades of tenure in government and education, including his work as
a professor of African American Studies at UC Davis, Educational Leadership and Public
Policy at CSU Sacramento, and Sociology at Sacramento City College.
Engineering a Service Culture Transformation
February President's Speaker Series & the Black Education Association Presents: Dr.
Angelo Williams
February Speaker : Dr. Jeff Duncan - Andrade
February Speaker Series Presents: Maisha Beasley, Ed.D.
February Speaker Series Recording
Getting his start in Organizational Development and Change Management over 15 years
ago, Jahmad has assisted numerous organizations to accomplish and exceed their goals.
He continues to serve corporations, educational institutions, non-profit & faith-based
organizations, professional and amateur athletic teams, law enforcement, and justice
systems. His training and consulting services have resulted in higher productivity,
retention, and a myriad of positive results for each partnering organization.
In addition to his work, Jahmad is a dedicated family man and community member. In
fact, you’ll often find his wife, two daughters, and son traveling alongside him in
support of various events. Jahmad is also the founder of the Tacoma Gents program.
In collaboration with the LPC Foundation.
In state government, Dr. Williams serves as Chief Deputy Director for First 5 California,
leading the agency's communications, government relations, and program work on Adverse
Childhood Experiences (ACEs), Toxic Stress, and the Fatherhood Initiative.
In the Sacramento community, Angelo serves as a Senior Fellow for the Nehemiah Emerging
Leaders program and a Senior Fellow and facilitator with the American Leadership Forum
focused on building and connecting leaders throughout California.
Jahmad Canley has endless dedication to empowerment and education for all people.
He is internationally known as a top-level culture transformation consultant, peak
performance coach, author and masterful storyteller.
Jahmad also works with organizations to begin or continue their work on creating diverse,
inclusive, and equitable cultures and environments.
Jahmad focuses on helping people and organizations accomplish their goals and fulfill
their potential in their personal, professional, and organizational lives. His passion
for helping others unleash their potential has provided him the privilege of working
with top organizations such as Microsoft, Amazon, Western Union, USA Swimming and
many more.
Jahmad’s diverse client database spans markets, industries, environments, and 5 continents.
Las Positas College is committed to continuous institutional improvement to advance
our diverse, inclusive, and supportive campus culture toward greater student success.
The Office of the President sponsors a monthly President’s Speaker Series in partnership
with the Las Positas College Foundation to provide leadership to align professional
development opportunities with college goals and planning priorities.  The purpose
of 2022-23 President’s Speaker Series is to provide campus-wide professional development
opportunities for faculty, classified professionals, administrators, and students
on topics related to student equity, student retention and student success.
Laura Rendon, Ph. D.
Location: LPC Mertes Center for the Arts - BLDG 4000, Main Theater
March Speaker Series Presents: Dr. Shawn Ginwright
March Speaker Series Recording
May President's Speaker Series Recording
May Speaker Series Presents: Dr. Bryan A. Brown
May Speaker Series Recording
Meet Dr. Angelo Williams: Author, Political Commentator, and Professor
Meet Mark Potter: A Husband, Dad, Coach and Motivator
Meeting ID: 842 4784 7948Passcode: 867724
Mission, Vision & Values
No matter the audience, Jahmad’s ability to combine his energy and passion with a
sense of humor and innate sincerity enables him to connect with a wide range of audiences
and empower them to achieve the growth and change they earnestly desire.
November President's Speaker Series Presents: Dr. Michael Benitez
November President's Speaker Series Presents: Mark Potter
November Speaker:  Tim Wise
Now as the President and CEO of Potential Unleashed Consulting, organizations around
the world utilize his unique experiences and ability to transfer Cognitive Science
and Culture Transformation processes to improve success rates and remove barriers
to success at the root cause.
Office of the President
Pope, D., Brown, M., Miles, S.John Wiley & Sons.2015
Potter has been coach of the year ﬁve times and named top 15 most inﬂuential people
in the Wichita sports world. He’s been inducted into the Cowley College Hall of Fame,
the Newman University Hall of Fame, the Wichita Sports Hall of Fame, and most recently,
the National Baseball Congress Hall of Fame. The basketball court at Newman University
was named ‘The Potter Family Court’ in 2013.
President's Speaker Series Recording of Dr. Jeff Duncan-Andrade
President's Speaker Series Recording of Dr. Shawn Ginwright
President's Speaker Series Recording of Jas Boothe
President's Speaker Series Recording of Tim Wise
Research Planning & Institutional Effectiveness
Research and other books
September President's Speaker Series Presents: Jahmad Canley
September President's Speaker Series Presents: Ron Kaufman
September Speaker Series Recording
Sitting Pretty: The View From My Ordinary Resilient Disabled Body
Speaker Webpage - Videos
Tacoma Gents works with young men of color in the 3rd to 5th grades teaching L.I.F.E.
(leadership, image/integrity, financial literacy, and etiquette) skills.
The Great White Hoax: Donald Trump and the Politics of Race and Class in Americahttps://laspositascollege.kanopy.com/video/great-white-hoax
The Queens’ English, The Dictionary for LGBTQIA+ Lingo and Colloquial Phrases
The program is now in its 5th year in partnership with Tacoma Public Schools.
Tim Wise on White Privilege: Racism, White Denial & the Costs of Inequality​http://lpclibrary.idm.oclc.org/login?url=https://video.alexanderstreet.com/watch/tim-wise-on-white-privilege-racism-white-denial-the-costs-of-inequality​
Time: Nov 1, 2022 03:00 PM Pacific Time (US and Canada)
Time: Nov 7, 2023 3:00 PM Pacific Time (US and Canada)
Title IX Officer/Sexual Harassment OfficerDr. Jeanne Wilson925.424.1405
Topic: An Introduction to Self-Care for Educators Through a DEI Lens
Topic: Equity, Inclusion and Racial Justice: Cultivating and Sustaining An Equitable
Campus Community
Topic: Fostering an Equitable and Just Education for Community College Students
Topic: Rethinking What Accessibility and Inclusion Look Like
Topic: The Silent Epidemic
Topic:  Uplifting Your Student Experience: The Future of Service is Care
VacantSenior Administrative Assistant (Temporary Assignment)
Whether it is a keynote, workshop, or coaching session, Jahmad’s dynamic style keeps
audiences engaged and walking away enriched.
White Like Me: Race, Racism & White Privilege in America​https://laspositascollege.kanopy.com/video/white-me-0
“I have learned that most people all over the world want the same thing…a better world
for themselves, their families, and their communities. What keeps us trapped is often
the lack of knowledge or the lack of a process. I believe that to truly serve others,
we must provide them with both a process and knowledge. The hour is late, the time
is short, the task is great and we have a lot of work to do.” – Jahmad Canley

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/assessment/index.php ---
925.424.1475malvarez@laspositascollege.eduLas Positas College Campus Map
Assessments are crucial for ensuring proper student placement in various subjects.
Students must log into CLASS-Web to complete theGuided Self-Placementfor Chemistry, English, and Mathematics, or opt for theMultiple Measuresevaluation, which includes standardized test results and college-level work from accredited
institutions, for course placement at Las Positas College.
English as a Second Language (ESL)
Guided Self-Placement & Multiple Measures
In-Person SupportMonday – Thursday: 8:00 AM – 4:30 PM
Kindly take a moment to complete our satisfaction survey below.
Note: Meal break is from 12:00 PM – 12:30 PM.
Online SupportFriday: 8:00 AM – 4:30 PM
Please check the Assessment Center's updated hours the night before and the morning
of your visit.
Spring Semester: Jan 27th – May 9th, 2025
Students are encouraged to explore the Assessment Center's left navigation panel,
consult the college catalog, or meet with a counselor to learn about their placement
options and their rights to access transfer-level coursework.
Students interested in taking ESL courses must complete an in-person ESL assessment
at the Assessment Center. Click on the link for more details.
To learn more about taking World Languages courses, please visit this link for more
details.
World Languages: American Sign Language (ASL), French, Spanish, and Spanish for Spanish
Speakers

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/tutorialcenter/index.php ---
"Everyone at the tutoring center are very helpful and positive. I wouldn't do my homeworkanywhere else."
"I finally get confidence in my daily life through tutoring experience! I feel really
great for mytutor and the Tutorial Center!!"
"I’ve been going to the tutorial center for the past two semesters and I have nothing
but gratefulness for them. The staff is so welcoming.  When I go in there, it’s like
visiting my friends and I look forward to studying there."
"Started college at 26 not remembering anything math related.  Spent most days getting
tutored every week.  Absolutely crushed my first algebra exam.  Incredible resources
here at LPC."
"The LPC Tutoring Experience has been a phenomenal help when it came to time-consumingcourses, it also helped me learn things more clearly and the environment there is
positive"
"The tutorial center helps me understand material more than my professors could"
ANTR | ARHS | CMST | ENG | ESL | FREN | HIST | GDDM | GEOL | HUMN | MUS | PHIL | PSYC
| REL | SOC | SPAN ... and more!
Ask front-desk staff for a copy of our drop-in tutoring schedule or look onPenji, our free tutor scheduling app.
Can't come to campus?  Get 18 hours of free online tutoring each semester.
Choose free tutoring and your next step to success.
DownloadPenji, our free tutor scheduling app, on your phone.
Email helpzone@clpccd.org for password reset if needed.
For more information, call (925) 424-1450, emaillrusso@laspositascollege.edu,or stop by the Tutoring Center (2100 building, 2nd floor, room 21215)
Get free drop-in tutoring
Get free online tutoring.
Go to theTutoring Center(2100 building, 2nd floor, room 21215).
Go to theTutoring Center(2100 building, 2nd floor, room 21215)Ask front-desk staff for a copy of our drop-in tutoring schedule or look onPenji, our free tutor scheduling app.
HomeMath SupportWriting SupportOther SubjectsApply to be a Tutor
MATH | BIO | CHEM | CIS | CS | ENGR | PHYS
Meet your tutor at the Tutoring Center (2100 building, 2nd floor, room 21215).
Monday 9:30 - 6:00 |Tuesday - Thursday 9:30 - 5:00 | Friday 9:30 - 3:00
Neet help now?  Get tutored by LPC student tutors who already took your class.
Schedule a free tutoring appointment
Schedule time to meet a student tutor every week.  Meet up to three hours every week!
Schedule your first apppointment on Penji.Email helpzone@clpccd.org for password reset if needed.
Sign in on the front computer (on the left).
Sign in on the front computer (on the right).
Sign out when done studying.
Sign out when done.
Sign up for free online tutoring
Sit at one of the front tables and get tutored.
Study at any open table.
The best place to study.
Use our quiet study rooms to study by yourself or with your friends.  All rooms are
first come first served.  To use our study space:
What do students say about tutoring?
accounting | administration of justice | anthropology | astonomy | biology | business
| chemistry | child development | communications | computer science | economics |
ESL | finance | French | geology | German | health | history | Italian | logic | math
| philosophy | physics | political science | psychology | sociology | spanish

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/international/index.php ---
Building 1600, Second Floor,Room 1658
Current LPC Students:Please contact us at the email address listed below.
General InformationInternational Student Admission RequirementsEnglish Language ProficiencyNew Student Arrival InformationTuition, Living Expenses and HousingHealth Services and InsuranceUseful LinksTransfer to UCFrequently Asked Questions (FAQ)Contact Us
Prospective Students:Please contact us beginning July 1, 2025.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/financialaid/aid.php ---
*Please email from yourZonemail& include yourW#!
Building 1600, Second FloorRoom 1650(925) 424-1580lpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu
Cal Grant (A, B, C)– State-funded grants for California residents who qualify based on financial need
and academic requirements.
California College Promise Grant Fee Waiver (CCPG)
Chafee Grant– Up to$5,000 per yearfor current or former foster youth to help with college and living expenses.
Federal Direct Subsidized Loan– Need-based loan whereinterest is covered by the governmentwhile in school.
Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan– Not based on financial need;interest accrues immediately.
Federal Grants & Programs
Federal Pell Grant– Up to$7,395 per year(2024-2025) based on financial need and enrollment status.
Federal SEOG (Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant)– A$600 grantfor students with$0 Expected Family Contribution (EFC)(limited funds, first-come, first-served).
Financial Aid TV En Español
Formerly known as theBOG Fee Waiver, this programwaives the $46 per unit enrollment feefor eligible California residents attending a community college.
Grants areneed-based financial aidthat donothave to be repaid.
How to Apply: Indicate interest inWork-Studywhen completing the FAFSA.
How to Apply: Submit the FAFSA and complete loan entrance counseling if required.
How to Apply: Submit the FAFSA, CA Dream Act Application, or apply directly through your college’s
financial aid office.
How to Apply: Submit theFAFSAorCA Dream Act ApplicationbyMarch 2nd(orSeptember 2ndfor some Community College Cal Grants).
Job Listing:LPC Federal Work Study Jobs
Loans areborrowed moneythat must be repaid with interest.
Meet Our Financial Aid Staff
Our after-hours DROPBOX is in the hallway between the Admissions & Financial Aid Offices.
Parent PLUS Loan– For parents of dependent students to help cover educational costs.
Resources for Foster Youth
Resources for Student Parents
Scholarships aregift aidthat does not need to be repaid. They can be awarded based onacademic achievement, financial need, leadership, or other qualifications.
Student Success Completion Grant (SSCG)– Additional funding for full-time students to help them complete their degrees faster.
Students with Dependent Children (SWD) Grant– Providesup to $6,000extra for Cal Grant recipients with children under 18.
TheFederal Work-Study (FWS) Programprovidespart-time job opportunitiesto students with financial need. This allows students to earn money while gaining
work experience.
Types of AidFree TuitionFederal Grants & ProgramsState GrantsCCPG Fee WaiverScholarships
Types of Financial Aid
You may be eligible for different types ofaidto help cover tuition, fees, & other college expenses.Here’s a brief overview of thefinancial aid options available:

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/computercenter/index.php ---
(925) 424-1142Expect reply within 4 hoursduring business hours
A quiet place to study, print, attend an online class,e-submit college documents or ask for help
Access to printing or copying (print fee card required),a flatbed scanner, headphones, and a range of essential appsand subject-specific software, including MS Office,Adobe Creative Cloud, and much more.
Canvas, Zonemail, Applications, Registration, Zoom, Proctorio
Click to Submit a Help Ticket!Expect an email reply within 4 hours - during business hours
College technology and software use issues
Computer Use Guidelines and Policies
Drop-in help via Zoom
First come, first-served assistance, computer use,and open Wi-Fi, in a quiet study space for studentsAcademic Support - Building 2100, Room 21206 on the 2nd floor
ForW IDorCLASS-Webaccount help, please contact theAdmissions & Recordsoffice atlpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
Hours subject to change
In-lab HP and Mac computers and open Wi-Fi for students
In-person help &open computer lab
LPC Virtual Welcome Center
Leave a voicemail message
Scanning and saving files to PDF or other file formats
Submit a support ticket
The Computer Center isclosedweekends,college holidays,andbetween semesters.
To join our live Zoom meetingclick theZoomlogo belowor scan the QR code with your mobile deviceMeeting ID:932 0206 2019Passcode:681003
Using Microsoft Office, Google apps, and other software
We can provide help to students with:

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/campushillwinery/index.php ---
(Please note we follow theAcademic Calendar, and are closed for school holidays)
925-424-1840Las Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveLivermore, CA 94551Buildings 3600-3700Map to buildings Location
A Ribbon Cutting and Celebration was held November 19, 2024 for the new Viticulture
& Winery Technology Facilities that opened for students at the start of the Fall 2024
semester.
All our wines come from our estate vineyard. The Campus Hill Vineyard is a 5 acre
hillside vineyard located at the Campus Hill Drive entrance to Las Positas College.Grapes from this vineyard are harvested to produce student-made wine. The revenue
generated from wine and grape sales help cover operational costs for the Viticulture
and Winery Technology program and winery.
At Las Positas College we grow, produce, bottle, label, and sell award-wining wines
that showcase the Livermore Valley A.V.A.
For more information please contact:
Grand Opening of new Viticulture & Winery Technology Facilities
Guests enjoyed small bites paired with Campus Hill Winery wines; and live music performed
by Las Positas College students.
Las Positas College Viticulture & Enology Foundation
Las Positas College opened its NEW Viticulture and Winery Technology instructional
facilities and Teaching Winery Fall 2024.
New Teaching Winery Opens
Spring Wine Week:We will be open for wine tasting and sales May 13, 14, and 15, 2:00-6:00pm.
Thank you to all those in attendance, and a special thank you to all our VWT students
and alumni (our Grand Crew). We couldn't have done it without you :)
The Campus Hill Winery is a teaching winery.  Students gain hands-on experience with
all aspects of wine production.
The Las Positas College Viticulture & Enology Foundation is a 501(c)(3) Nonprofit
Public Benefit Corporation that supports Las Positas College's educational and cultural
programs in the areas of Agribusiness, Viticulture and Enology. The Foundation holds
the bond to produce and sell wine and operates the Campus Hill Winery.
The Viticulture and Winery Technology program offers classes, degrees, certificates,
and transfer in Viticulture, Enology, and Wine Hospitality.  Sign up for a class and
learn more about wine!
The event was attended by several hundred community members, college and District
members, wine industry professionals, students, and program alumni.
The new facilities are located at Buildings 3600-3700.
Viticulture & Winery Technology Classes, Degrees, and Certificates
We invite you and your friends to learn more about our educational programs and taste
our wines.
We will be open for wine tasting and sales May 13, 14, and 15, 2:00-6:00pm.
Wine sales are back!
Wines are available for purchase on-campus and at select local wine shops and restaurants.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/about/consumerinfo.php ---
All financial aid personnel will comply with the National Association of Student Financial
Aid Administrators (NASFAA) Statement of Ethical Principles and Code of Conduct for
Institutional Financial Aid Professionals as stated athttp://www.nasfaa.org.
Assistance Available From Federal, State, Local, and Institutional ProgramsCost of Education
Campus Safety Annual Report/Clery Act
Computer Use and File Sharing (Plagerism)
Drop for Non-Payment Policy(see Fees and Refunds in Catalog)
Drug Free Environment and Prevention Program
Drug Law Violation Statement
Entry and Exit Education for Financial Aid
Facilities and Services for Students with Disabilities
Faculty & Staff Directory
Federal regulations require all campuses to provide specified information to prospective
and current students, staff and the general public. Listed below are those items that
must be available for review per federal regulation.
Financial Aid Disbursement Policy
Financial Aid Disbursement Schedule
GED/High School Diploma Programs
Graduation Rates(Student Right to Know Act)
How to Apply for Financial Aid and Contact Information
In order to comply with the federal regulation requiring the development of educational
programming to celebrate Constitution Day on September 17th of each year, Las Positas
College's Student Government Office holds a 'Constitution Day' informational table
and display on September 17th or, if on a weekend, the closest workday to September
17, in which constitutional information is provided and free copies of the U.S. Constitution
are handed out.
Instructional Research and Planning
Intercollegiate Athletic Program Participation Rates and Financial Support Data (Equity
in Athletics Disclosure Act) Las Positas College does not award Athletic Scholarships.
Las Positas College does not offer 'Study Abroad' programs. Students participating
in Study Abroad programs offered by other colleges must receive their financial aid
through the college providing the program.
Las Positas College does not offer a GED Program. Local school districts offer high
school diploma programs for adult learners, and/or GED preparation classes and GED
testing. Please contact your local school district or review their website to locate
a program. Adult Education Schools provide invaluable programs for students to earn
a GED or High School Diploma, as well as complete Career Education Certificates and
basic skills and ESL courses.
Las Positas College does not participate in nor endorse private loans. The Federal
Direct Loan Program is the only loan program offered.
Las Positas College encourages eligible students to register to vote. Students wishing
to register may visitregistertovote.ca.govfor more information. The Student Government also organizes voter registration events
periodically throughout the school year.
Las Positas College has a blanket consortium agreement with Chabot College, which
is in the same college district.With the exception ofthe blanket consortium with Chabot, Las Positas College does not offer Consortium
Agreements as the Home School. Students receiving federal or state financial aid from
Las Positas College are not eligible to receive financial aid for courses at other
colleges during the same period of enrollment. Las Positas will, however, honor a
Consortium Agreement, as a host school, which is provided by another college serving
as the Home School. Qualified students are eligible to receive a may qualify for a
Promise Grant Fee Waiver while attending Las Positas under a consortium agreement,
with Las Positas as host college. Students must submit the Home School’s Consortium
Agreement to the Las Positas College Financial Aid Office for approval.
Mission, Vision, Goals & Values
Planning and Budget Cycle
Privacy of Student Records -- Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Return of Federal Financial Aid
Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy
Student Consumer Information (HEA)
Student Health Center and Services
Student Loan Code of Conduct
Student's Rights and Responsibilities
Students by Gender, Race, Ethnicity, Place of Residence, Disabilities
Teacher Preparation Program Report
The Las Positas College Bookstore provides textbook information (including ISBN and
retail price, when available) for courses listed in the course schedule each semester.
This information can be accessed through Class Web, or through the Bookstore’s website
athttps://www.bkstr.com/laspositasstore/home.
The Loan Code of Conduct is established to standardize the best practices at Las Positas
College in providing optimum educational loans to our students.
The federal Higher Education Act, the federal Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act (EADA),
and regulatory guidance provided in the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) require
direct individual notices of prescribed information to certain target audiences including
prospective students; currently enrolled students; current employees; parents, coaches
and counselors of prospective student athletes; and the general public. Disclosures
are to include crime/security statistics, student completion/graduation rates, FERPA
privacy/security rights, financial aid program information, and gender-specific information
on athletic participation and financial support.
Transfer of Credit Policies(see Transcripts from Other Colleges & Universities in Catalog)
Transfer-Out Rates(Student Right to Know Act)
Transfer-out Rates for Students Receiving Athletically Related Student Aid (Student
Right-to-Know Act) Las Positas College does not award Athletic Scholarships.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/cpl/index.php ---
Credit for Prior Learning
Credit for Prior LearningHome
For more information please contact:
If you have general questions related to Credit for Prior Learning please reach out
tolpc-priorlearning@laspositascollege.edu
Melissa KorberCPL Coordinator(925) 424-1242mkorber@laspositascollege.edu
The Las Positas College Credit for Prior Learning page is currently undergoing maintenance
- please check back in Fall 2024 for updated information.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/transfercenter/index.php ---
Answer transfer-related questions on a drop-in basis
Application Essay/Personal Statement Smart Shop Workshops
Assistance with UC Transfer Admission Guarantee (TAG) submission
Closed: weekends & holidays
Host Admission Representatives from four-year colleges and universities for students
to meet via tabling, drop-in or appointments
Host Transfer Celebration in May
Our Mission is to meet your Transfer needs and to assist you in your Transfer Path
to Transfer by providing information, resources, activities and services. They include
but are not limited to:
Please note: Information on these pages is subject to change. Spanish translation
provided by Google Translate. Las Positas College is not responsible for errors in
translation.
Private & Out of State
Provide access to nationwide database of College Catalogs and the web-based ASSIST
Spring 2025:In Person Hours Room 1604
Spring 2025:Online Transfer Services
Terrance ThompsonTransfer Center Coordinatortthompson@laspositascollege.edu
Transfer Center Spring 2025
Transfer Day (Fall Semester)
UC, CSU, Private, and Out-of-State transfer application support

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/research/index.php ---
Administrative Unit Program Review
Career Technical Education Data
College DataInstitutional CharacteristicsStudent OutcomesStudent Equity DataFocused StudiesSurvey ResultsPresentations & Reports
Data for Faculty Position Request Form
Data for FacultyData for Faculty Position Request FormProgram Review & Course Sequences
For more information please contact:
If you have a questions, please contact us. We also encourage you to learn more about
our office through the links provided on this page.
LPC Institutional Research Code of Ethics
Please fill thisResearch Request Formto submit your research request. (SHORT LINK:https://goo.gl/forms/oBTj6nK6he8WozJE2)
Program Review & Course Sequences
R-PIE RESEARCH REQUEST FORM
Research, Planning & Institutional Effectiveness
The Office of Research, Planning and Institutional Effectiveness complies with theCode of Ethicswritten and adopted by the Association for Institutional Research.
The Office of Research, Planning and Institutional Effectiveness strives to provide
systematic, timely, user-friendly data and analysis services that support College
and department planning, enhances decision making and policy formation, fulfills reporting
requirements to external agencies including accreditation, coordinates and integrates
various planning and evaluative process, and measures and communicates institutional
effectiveness to internal and external stakeholders.  Ultimately, the mission of the
Office is to support evaluation and analysis of data to help the college measure progress
towards the mission, vision and goals of Las Positas College.
We will review your request and contact you within 5 business days after submission.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/adminservices/index.php ---
Administrative Services Bulletin Board
Alesia HighFiscal Coordinator, Special Programs & Grants(925) 424-1633ahigh@laspositascollege.edu
Andrea AndersonExecutive Assistant(925) 424-1631aanderson@laspositascollege.eduSharon DavidsonAdministrative Services Technician(925) 424-1632sdavidson@laspositascollege.eduSui SongAdministrative Services Officer(925) 424-1634ssong@laspositascollege.edu
CARES Act Institutional Aid Reporting
Catering & Food Trucks
Certificate of Liability Insurance
Changes, notices, and other important information from the Office of Administrative
Services can be foundhere. Please check the Bulletin Board regularly to stay up-to-date on all processes, forms,
and information from our office.
Facilities Requests and Rentals
For more information please contact:
Notice about E-Signing DocumentsPlease readthis documentfor an update on the e-signature process and helpful instructions for setting it
up on your computer.
Payroll, HR, and Hiring
ProceduresBanner Accounting ModulesBudget ManagementRequisitionsAmazonOffice DepotDisbursement RequestsConferencesTravelStudent MealsASB/Club ExpensesDepositsInvoicesCatering & Food TrucksMore Procedures
Sean BrooksVice President of Administrative Services(925) 424-1630sbrooks@laspositascollege.edu
The Office of Administrative Services at Las Positas College in its entirety includes
the business office, communications, maintenance and operations, as well as fiscal
responsibility, facilities planning, and the overall general management of Administrative
Services for the campus as a whole.
The Office of Administrative Services at Las Positas College provides leadership,
direction and overall coordination of fiscal and administrative services. These services
include communications, technology, safety, security, facility infrastructure and
logistics. Administrative Services is dedicated to using effective and efficient practices
that are necessary to support the college in achieving its mission to meet the needs
of a diverse academic community.
Thomas RothmanAccounting Technician(925) 424-1636trothman@laspositascollege.edu

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/lpcarticulation/index.php ---
AP, IB, and CLEP ExamsAdvanced Placement (AP) ExaminationsInternational Baccalaureate (IB) ExaminationsCollege-Level Examination Program (CLEP)
ASSIST Official Course Transfer and Articulation System
Advanced Placement (AP) Examinations
Archived GE PatternsAssociate of Arts (AA) Degree General EducationAssociate of Science (AS) Degree General EducationCalifornia State University General Education-Breadth (CSUGE-B)Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC)
Articulation Agreements with Independent and Out-of-State Colleges and Universities
Articulation is the process of evaluating courses, or a sequence of courses, to determine
whether a particular course offered at one educational system/institution (e.g. Las
Positas College) will meet the requirements for admission, transfer credit, general
education, and/or lower-division major preparation at another educational system or
institution (e.g. California State University, University of California, a California
private or independent college or university, or an out-of-state college or university).
Associate Degree General Education (ADGE)
Associate of Arts (AA) Degree General Education
Associate of Science (AS) Degree General Education
California General Education Transfer Curriculum (Cal-GETC)
California State University General Education-Breadth (CSUGE-B)
College-Level Examination Program (CLEP)
Course Equivalencies at Las Positas College
Course Equivalencies at Las Positas College (TES)
Course Identification Numbering System (C-ID)
Craig KutilArticulation Officer(925) 424-1346ckutil@laspositascollege.edu
For more information please contact:
For students looking to transfer to a California State University (CSU) or University
of California (UC), CSU and UC transferable courses and course-to-course articulations
for lower-division major preparation can be found atASSIST.org.
For students that are transfering to Las Positas College, course equivalency information
can be found on ourCourse Equivalencies at Las Positas College (TES) website.
General EducationAssociate Degree General Education (ADGE)California General Education Transfer Curriculum (Cal-GETC)
International Baccalaureate (IB) Examinations
Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC)
To find information on articulation agreements between Las Positas College and private
or independent college or universities, please visit ourArticulation Agreements with Independent and Out-of-State Colleges and Universities
page.
Transfer ArticulationASSIST Official Course Transfer and Articulation SystemArticulation Agreements with Independent and Out-of-State Colleges and UniversitiesCourse Identification Numbering System (C-ID)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/gv/academicsenate/agenda.php ---
10/21/24, 11/4/24, 12/2/24 Curriculum Approvals
2018 - 2019 Agendas
2018 - 2019 Agendas & Minutes
2020 - 2021 Agendas
2020 - 2021 Agendas & Minutes
2021 - 2022 Agendas
2022 - 2023 Agendas
2024 Fall Plenary Resolutions Passes
2nd & 4th Wednesday2:30 - 4:30 pmRoom 21147
3/31/25, 3/17/25 & 3/31/25 Curriculum Approvals
9.16.24 LPC Curriculum Changes
APs & BPs - First Reading
APs and BPs - First Reading
APs and BPs - Second Reading
ASCCC Fall Plenary Session 2024 Passed Resolutions
ASCCC Fall Plenary Session 2024 Resolutions
ASCCC Spring 2025 Plenary Resolutions
Academic Senate Bylaws Draft Revisions
Academic Senate Constitution Draft Revisions
Academic Senate for Community Colleges
Administrative Procedures - First Reading
Agenda & Minutes 2021 - 2022
Agenda & Minutes 2022 - 2023
Agenda & Minutes 2023 - 2024
Agenda & Minutes2022 - 2023 Agendas2021 - 2022 Agendas2020 - 2021 Agendas2018 - 2019 AgendasExecutive Board MeetingArchives
BP 2340 - First Reading
BP 2340 - Second Reading
Board Policies - First Reading
Board Resolution No. 09-2425 Draft
CLPCCD Zero Waste Initiative Implementation Project
CTE Committee Meeting Minutes 8.27.24
FTES Information for DEMC
Fall 2024 Faculty Hiring Prioritization Final Ranking
Guided Pathways Committee Report
Honor Program Advisory Board/Committee
Honors Program Committee PPT
LPC Associate Degree GE Pattern
New Certificate for ESL
Part-Time Faculty Handbook 2023
Presentation from Facilities & Sustainability Evaluation
Presentation on Achievement in CC for ESL Students
Presentation on Cheating, Plagiarism, and AI
Sanctuary Campus Joint Resolution Draft
Senate Guidelines / Parlimentary Procedure
The Guardian AI Article
Winter Intersession Implementation Project Report

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/basicneeds/index.php ---
*Please note the Mini Market is closed during The Market dates.
Advantage Laundry148 S L StLivermore, CA 94550
Approved (or awarded or accepted) for federal or state work study, anticipates working,
    and has not refused a work assignment (can still be eligible even if a work study
    job has not begun or is not currently available).
Be a single parent of a dependent household member under the age of 12andenrolled full-time (12+ units).
Be enrolled in a program that increases employability for current and former foster
    youth (Guardian Scholars, FYSI, CAFYES, ETV or Extended Foster Care).
Be enrolled in a state funded program that increases employability (EOP, EOPS, WIOA,
    SAS, CARE, Puente Project, or MESA).
Be enrolled in at least 6 units (or the equivalent for non credit courses) during
    the current semester
Be exerting parental control over a dependent household member under the age of 6orbetween the age of 6 and 12 with no adequate childcare (as determined by the county
    on a case-by-case basis).
CalFresh benefits stretch food budgets, allowing individuals and families to afford
nutritious food, including more fruit, vegetables and other healthy foods. The amount
of benefits a household receives is dependent on household size, countable income,
and monthly expenses, such as housing and utilities.
California Work Opportunity and Responsibility to Kids (CalWORKs) Program is the state's
    public assistance program that provides temporary assistance to families with children.
Cassondra ReinselStudent Resources Program Managerlpc-basicneeds@laspositascollege.edu
Check out our music video below!
Contra Costa Affordable Housing Information
Currently the stations are located in the following areas:
Diapers, Wipes, and more are available while supplies last in the Student Life Welcome
Center. To  access resources for parents, come by the Student Life Welcome Center
or click on the button below to schedule a guaranteed time to see what we have. Before
you are able to receive diapers and/or wipes, you must be able to submit documentation
that proves you are a parent.
Do your Laundry for FREE! No questions asked, quarters will be provided for the machines
participants use. Laundry Soap and dryer sheets will be provided if needed.
Find information about financial literacy!
Food Distribution Dates for the Spring 25 semester:
For information on California Special Supplemental Food Program for Women Infants
        and Children visithere.
For more information please contact:
For transportation: in addition to previous requirements, you must have on campus
    classes (6 units or the equivalent)
From there, they need to sign in with their W# and CLASS-Web PIN (just like they use
to register for classes).
Have unmet financial need after filling out FAFSA
Household = a person living alone or a group of people living together who purchase
    and prepare food together. *Minimum amount is $16/month.
Households can be as small as one person
If qualified, a student can receive up to $291 per month to purchase food. CalFresh
does not affect financial aid.
If you are a student between the ages of 18 and 49, enrolled in at least 6 units,
    have no meal plan (or have a meal plan that provides ten or less of your meals/week),
    you must also meet anyoneof the following:
If you are interested in learning about how to navigate  housing information, book
an appointment or click on the links below!
In CalFresh, a household is a group of people who regularly buy and eat food together.
    The people in a household do not have to be related to each other.
Information about applying to financial aid and scholarships
Interested? Apply or book an appointment to find out more information!
International, DACA, and DREAM students may not be eligible, even with a work VISA/SSN.
Is your household's gross monthly income (before taxes and deductions) within the
    limits in the chart below?
Las Positas Basic Needs
Las Positas Student Resources Guide
Lawful Permanent Residents (LPRs) may be eligible.
Monday - Thursday: 10:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.
More information including eligibility requirements can be foundherein addition to information on the Young Child Tax Credit (YCTC).
Most college students are eligible! If you meet the program guidelines you may qualify
    for CalFresh.
Note:Student Financial Aid is not counted as income for CalFresh. Individuals receiving
    SSI/SSP in California are not eligible for CalFresh, but other members of the household
    may be.
Operational Hours Spring Semester:
Or fill out our intake form below:
Other Things to Consider
Participating in the CalFresh Employment and Training Program (CFET) or be a recipient
    of CalWorks or AFDC (Aid to Families with Dependent Children).
Receiving Cal Grant AorBandis not married, 25 years of age or younger and has income less than $50,000.
San Joaquin Affordable Housing Information
Students should get an email letting them know their laptop is ready in day or two.
Students who live with their parents must be 22 years of age or older to apply as
    an individual household.
Students with a state certified disability only need to meet basic eligibility.
The 3rd Wednesday of every month from 2 p.m. - 4 p.m.
The Market is a FREE food distribution that takes place on the fourth Tuesday of the
month in the 1600 building courtyard from 11 a.m.- 3 p.m.  on the Las Positas Campus
twice a semester. This is open to students, staff and community members! Everyone
is welcome!
The Mini Market is a FREE Resource for ALL Las Positas students located in the Welcome
Center! We offer food, hygienic products, cleaning supplies and more! You must be
enrolled in the current semester to utilize the Mini Market. We are not open on the
dates we have The Market (dates are listed below).
The library offers a wide variety of technology that students can borrow for short-term
and long-term checkouts. These include calculators, laptops, hotspots, and more!
The same address can have more than one household
The same process works forWifi HotspotsiPadsTI-84 Graphing Calculatorsor anything else!
Then they just click on the big bluePlace Holdbutton, then clickSubmit.
There are food and hygiene products available for students  in different buildings
around campus.All students can pick up items at these locations.There is no sign up required to access these stations, however there are not as many
items available as the Mini Market.Basic Needs will refill these once a week.
This link takes students directly to the record for a Laptop
To be eligible for Student Assistance you must:Be enrolled in at least 6 units (or the equivalent for non credit courses) during
    the current semesterHave unmet financial need after filling out FAFSAFor transportation: in addition to previous requirements, you must have on campus
    classes (6 units or the equivalent)
Transportation, clothing (professional and regular), textbooks, child care & more!To be eligible for Student Assistance you must:Be enrolled in at least 6 units (or the equivalent for non credit courses) during
    the current semesterHave unmet financial need after filling out FAFSAFor transportation: in addition to previous requirements, you must have on campus
    classes (6 units or the equivalent)
Tri-Valley Affordable Housing Information
Unpaid internships or volunteer work do not count towards the work requirement.
Want to be prescreened?
What is California Special Supplemental Food Program for Women Infants and Children?
Working and getting paid for an average of 20 hours per weekora total of 80 hours a month.
You don't need to have a home to receive CalFresh
You may be eligible for a California Earned Income Tax Credit (CalEITC) up to $3,417
        for tax year 2022 as a working family or individual earning up to $30,000 per year.
You must claim the credit on the 2022 FTB 3514 form, California Earned Income Tax
        Credit, or if you e-file follow your software’s instructions. Generally, you may claim
        CalEITC to receive a refund for up to four prior years prior by filing or amending
        your state income tax return.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/measure-a/index.php ---
"Toupgrade aging classrooms and technology/science labsfor career education to prepare students, veterans and workers for good jobs and university
transfer,remove asbestos/retrofit buildings for earthquake safety, acquire, construct and repair
sites/facilities/equipment, andimprove campus safety/security, shall Chabot‐Las Positas Community College District issue $950,000,000 in bonds
at legal rates, no money for administrators’ salaries/pensions, independent financial
audits, and all funds used locally?"
2012 Facility Master Plan
2018 Facility Master Plan
A & H Measure A Requests (Unedited Feedback)
BHAWK Measure A Requests (Unedited Feedback)
CATSS Measure A Requests (Unedited Feedback)
MSEPS Measure A Requests (Unedited Feedback)
November Town Meeting Presentation (Summarized Feedback)
Preliminary Results of the Measure A Survey (Summarized Feedback)
Results of the Measure A Survey
Student Services Measure A Requests (Unedited Feedback)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/performingarts/index.php ---
A fun, personal, and rigorous learning environment where students can explore who
they are as artists, while preparing for the real world as professionals.
Learn more about our programs!
Lifelong friendships and partnerships with cohorts who are passionate about their
craft.
Multiple performing opportunities throughout the year, so that you can grow as an
artist.
Passionate, caring, and dedicated professors and staff to help guide students in their
arts education.
Questions about Space Rental?
The Las Positas College Performing Arts program is designed to provide knowledge,
training, and practical experience in a variety of areas which can be used in continuing
participation and appreciation of theater, music, dance, and communication studies
throughout life.  We offer a nurturing and personalized educational environment for
all students who wish to pursue their passions in performance.  Whether you are a
beginner or a seasoned professional wishing to further your studies, our exceptional
and approachable faculty will help to you attain your performing arts goals.
What can you expect at LPC?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/title-ix/index.php ---
** For an emergency requiring the police or fire department, dial 9-1-1**
Any person (student, faculty, staff, or guest) who believes that discriminatory practices
have been engaged in based upon gender may discuss their concerns and file informal
or formal complaints of possible violations of Title IX with the following:
As a recipient of federal funds, the District is subject toTitle IXof the Education Amendments of 1972 which prohibits discrimination based on sex in
education programs and activities.  Title IX protects students, employees, applicants
for admission and employment, and other persons from all forms of sex discrimination,
including discrimination based on gender identity or failure to conform to stereotypical
notions of masculinity or femininity. All students, (as well as other persons) at
the District are protected by Title IX—regardless of their sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, part- or full-time status, disability, race, or national origin—in
all aspects of the District’s educational programs and activities.  The essence of
Title IX is that an institution may not exclude, separate, deny benefits to, or otherwise
treat differently any person on the basis of sex.
Both Local Law Enforcement and Las Positas Campus Safety will:
CLPCCD Policies & Procedures
Campus Safety (925) 424-1690 non emegency (925) 424-1699 emergency. 24-hour dispatch
to report on campus/near campus, sexual harassment, sexual assault, domestic violence,
dating violence, or stalking, or threats of any of these.
Dr. Jeanne WilsonVice President of Student Services
Filing a Complaint with the LPC Title IX Office:To report any sexual harassment, sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence,
or stalking, or threats of any of these committed by a student, staff, faculty, or
other member of the campus community, with or without filing a police report and whether
on or off campus, contact the Title IX Coordinator or Deputy Title IX Coordinators.
You can also submit anLPC Student Title IX Incident Referral Form.
For more information please contact:
Help you to obtain medical assistanceHelp you obtain Emergency Protective Orders if appropriateConduct a criminal investigation if appropriate and requestedIn the event of an arrest, help you obtain court order to protect youConnect you with community support services
Interim Title IX Sexual Harassment Policy
LPC Student Title IX Incident Referral Form
Local Law Enforcement (police, sheriff)
MANDATORY REPORTERS - As a reminder, all LPC faculty members, staff members and administrators,
who learn of suspected instances of discrimination, sexual harassment or sexual misconduct,
directly or indirectly, have a DUTY TO REPORT the information immediately to the District
Title IX Coordinator or the Deputy Title IX Coordinator at your campus.
Retaliation is prohibited against any person who assists someone with a report of
sexual misconduct, or participates in any manner in an investigation or resolution
of the sexual misconduct report. Retaliation includes threats, intimidation, reprisals,
and/or adverse actions related to employment or education.
Summary of Major Provisions
The District does not tolerate sexual harassment or sexual misconduct, including (but
not limited to) sexual assault, sexual coersion, dating violence, domestic violence,
stalking, cyber-stalking, retaliation, discrimination based on gender and hate crimes
based on gender. If you have experienced or would like to report sexual harassment/
misconduct, please click on the following link:
The District’s primary concern is your safety and the safety of our campus community.
If you have been affected by or witnessed sexual misconduct, you should not be discouraged
from reporting the incident because you are concerned that you might be subject to
disciplinary action for related student conduct violations, of drug or alcohol use.
Unless the District finds the violations egregious, including, but not limited to,
an action that places the health of safety of any other person at risk or involves
plagiarism, cheating, or academic dishonesty, affected parties will not be subject
to disciplinary action.
Title IX Certification Steps
Title IX: Sexual Harassment and Sexual Misconduct
To report off campus sexual assault, domestic or dating violence, or stalking, or
threats of any of these, contact the law enforcement for the location of the incident.
We are committed to maintaining a safe and caring college environment at Las Positas
College.
You have the right to decide whom and when to tell about what happened.  It is also
your right to have a support person (such as a sexual assault victim advocate, friend,
or family member) with you while you report the incident to law enforcement and/or
the Title IX Coordinator or designee.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/communityed/index.php ---
Community Education at Las Positas College
Community EducationMegan GarciaCommunity Education CoordinatorBuilding 1600, Suite 1690A(925) 424-1467commed@laspositascollege.edu
Customer Support and FAQs
Give to Community Education
International and Domestic Travel Opportunities
Monday9:00 am - 5:30 pmTuesday9:00 am - 5:30 pmWednesday9:00 am - 5:30 pmThursday9:00 am - 5:30 pmFriday (remote- email only)9:00 am - 5:30 pm
Online Learning for Adults and YouthLifelong Learning Academy
Participant Agreement and Waivers
Spring 2025 Office Hours:
Spring/Summer 25 classes open for registration!
Travel with Us!Current Catalog &  Online Registration

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/catalog/current/programs/ ---
21st Century Policing Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Accounting Technician Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Acting Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Actors Conservatory Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Administration of Justice (AJ) Courses
Administration of Justice Associate in Science for Transfer (AS-T)
Administration of Justice Associate of Arts (AA)
Administrative Assistant Associate of Arts (AA)
Administrative Assistant Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Administrative Medical Assistant Certificate of Achievement (CA)
American Sign Language (ASL) Courses
Anthropology Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Apprenticeship Construction Laborers (APCL) Courses
Apprenticeship Marine Technology (APMT) Courses
Art History (ARHS) Courses
Art History Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Art: Emphasis in Painting Associate of Arts (AA)
Artificial Intelligence Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Associate Teacher Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Athletic Training/Sports Medicine Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Automotive Advanced Smog Technician Certificate of Completion (NL)
Automotive Alternative Fuels/Hybrid Technology Associate of Science (AS)
Automotive Alternative Fuels/Hybrid Technology Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Automotive Basic Certificate of Completion (NL)
Automotive Chassis Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Automotive Chassis Certificate of Completion (NL)
Automotive Drivability Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Automotive Electronics Technology Associate of Science (AS)
Automotive Light Duty Diesel Associate of Science (AS)
Automotive Light Duty Diesel Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Automotive Master Associate of Science (AS)
Automotive Master Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Automotive Mechanical Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Automotive Mechanical Certificate of Completion (NL)
Automotive Smog Certificate of Completion (NL)
Automotive Smog Technician Associate of Science (AS)
Automotive Smog Technician Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Automotive Technology (AUTO) Courses
Basic Research Skills Certificate of Completion (NL)
Biological Sciences (BIO) Courses
Biology Associate in Science for Transfer (AS-T)
Biology Associate of Arts (AA)
Biology UC Pathway Associate of Science (AS)
Biology UC Pathway Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Biology: Allied Health Associate of Science (AS)
Biotechnology Skills Certificate of Completion (NL)
Bookkeeping Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Business Administration 2.0 Associate in Science for Transfer (AS-T)
Business Administration Associate of Arts (AA)
Business Entrepreneurship Associate of Arts (AA)
Business Entrepreneurship Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Business Workforce Proficiency Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Cal-GETC Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Career Exploration and Preparation Certificate of Completion (NL)
Chemistry Associate of Science (AS)
Chemistry Education Associate of Science (AS)
Child and Adolescent Development Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Civil/Mechanical Engineering Associate of Science (AS)
Civil/Mechanical Engineering Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Cloud Computing Certificate of Achievement (CA)
College Mathematics Pathway Certificate of Competency (NY)
College Mathematics Support Certificate of Competency (NY)
Commercial Music: Music Business Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Commercial Music: Music Technology Fundamentals Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Commercial Music: Piano Teaching Fundamentals Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Commercial Music: Scoring for Film and Multimedia Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Commercial Music: Teaching Beginning Piano Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Commercial Music: Teaching Intermediate Piano Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Communication Studies (CMST) Courses
Communication Studies 2.0 Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Communication and Writing in English Certificate of Competency (NY)
Company Officer Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Computational Biology Associate of Arts (AA)
Computational Biology Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Computer Applications Software Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Computer Information Systems (CIS) Courses
Computer Information Systems Associate of Arts (AA)
Computer Information Technologist Associate of Science (AS)
Computer Networking Technology (CNT) Courses
Computer Programming Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Computer Programming for the Web Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Computer Science (CS) Courses
Computer Science Associate of Science (AS)
Concepts of Automotive Body Systems Certificate of Completion (NL)
Concepts of Automotive Chassis Certificate of Completion (NL)
Concepts of Automotive Know How Certificate of Completion (NL)
Concepts of Automotive Mechanical Certificate of Completion (NL)
Concepts of Automotive Powertrain Certificate of Completion (NL)
Creative Writing Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Customer Service Certificate of Completion (NL)
Cybersecurity Professional Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Cybersecurity and Network Administration Associate of Science (AS)
Data Analytics Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Digital Illustration Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Drone Photography, Mapping, and Piloting Certificate of Completion (NL)
ESL College Grammar Pathway Certificate of Competency (NY)
ESL College Reading and Writing Pathway Certificate of Competency (NY)
ESL College Speaking and Listening Fluency Pathway Certificate of Competency (NY)
ESL Pre-College Speaking and Listening Fluency Pathway Certificate of Competency (NY)
Early Care and Education
Early Care and Education (ECE) Courses
Early Childhood Development Associate of Arts (AA)
Early Childhood Development Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Early Childhood Education Associate in Science for Transfer (AS-T)
Early Childhood Intervention Assistant Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Early Childhood Intervention Associate of Arts (AA)
Economics Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Electrical Engineering Associate of Science (AS)
Electrical Engineering Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Electrical Engineering UC Pathway Associate of Science (AS)
Electrical Engineering UC Pathway Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Elementary Teacher Education Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Emergency Medical Responder Certificate of Accomplishment (CE)
Emergency Medical Sciences Associate of Science (AS)
Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Courses
Emergency Medical Technologies Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Engineering Associate of Science (AS)
Engineering Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Engineering Technology Associate of Science (AS)
Engineering Technology Certificate of Achievement (CA)
English Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
English Associate of Arts (AA)
English as a Second Language
English as a Second Language (ESL) Courses
Enology Associate of Science (AS)
Enology Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Environmental Science (EVS) Courses
Environmental Science Associate of Science (AS)
Environmental Studies (EVST) Courses
Environmental Studies Associate of Arts (AA)
Ethnic Studies (ETHS) Courses
Film Studies (FLMS) Courses
Film Studies Associate of Arts (AA)
Film Studies Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Fire Academy - Fire Suppression Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Fire Officer Leadership and Management Associate of Science (AS)
Fire Prevention Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Fire Service Technology (FST) Courses
Fire Service Technology Associate of Science (AS)
Fire Service Technology Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Fitness Trainer Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Geography Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Geology Associate in Science for Transfer (AS-T)
Geology Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Geology Major Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Global Studies (GS) Courses
Global Studies Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Graphic Design & Digital Media
Graphic Design & Digital Media (GDDM) Courses
Graphic Design Associate of Arts (AA)
Graphic Design Certificate of Achievement (CA)
History Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Horticulture Associate of Science (AS)
Humanities Associate of Arts (AA)
Humanities Certificate of Achievement (CA)
IT Support Professional Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Independent Study (IDN) Courses
Innovation, Entrepreneurship, and Small Business Management (NL)
Interior Design (INTD) Courses
Interior Design Associate of Science (AS)
Interior Design Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Jazz Studies Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Journalism Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Journalism Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Journalism and Media Studies
Journalism and Media Studies (JAMS) Courses
Journalism and Media Studies Associate of Arts (AA)
Kinesiology Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Landscape Design Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Landscape Maintenance and Construction Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Las Positas College is an inclusive, learning-centered, equity-focused environment
that offers educational opportunities and support for completion of students' transfer,
degree, and career-technical goals while promoting lifelong learning.
Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer Studies
Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, and Queer Studies (LGBT) Courses
Liberal Arts & Sciences: Arts and Humanities Associate of Arts (AA)
Liberal Arts & Sciences: Business Associate of Arts (AA)
Liberal Arts & Sciences: Computer Studies Associate of Arts (AA)
Liberal Arts & Sciences: Language Arts and Communication Associate of Arts (AA)
Liberal Arts & Sciences: Mathematics and Science Associate of Arts (AA)
Liberal Arts & Sciences: Social and Behavioral Sciences Associate of Arts (AA)
Library Studies (LIBR) Courses
Management Information Systems Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Marine Technology Boating 101 Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Marine Technology Yachting 101 Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Marketing Associate of Arts (AA)
Marketing Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Mathematics Associate in Science for Transfer (AS-T)
Mechanical Engineering UC Pathway Associate of Science (AS)
Mechanical Engineering UC Pathway Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Message from the President
Modern Policing Associate of Science (AS)
Music Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Music Associate of Arts (AA)
Musical Theater Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Network Support Professional Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Noncredit Automotive Technology (NAUT) Courses
Noncredit Aviation (NAVI) Courses
Noncredit Biology (NBIO) Courses
Noncredit Business (NBUS) Courses
Noncredit Computer Information Systems
Noncredit Computer Information Systems (NCIS) Courses
Noncredit English (NENG) Courses
Noncredit English as a Second Language
Noncredit English as a Second Language (NESL) Courses
Noncredit Kinesiology (NKIN) Courses
Noncredit Library Studies (NLIB) Courses
Noncredit Mathematics (NMAT) Courses
Noncredit Music (NMUS) Courses
Noncredit Nutrition (NNTR) Courses
Noncredit Psychology-Counseling (NPCN) Courses
Noncredit Tutoring (NTUT) Courses
Norcal Laborers Construction Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Norcal Laborers LiUNA! Laborers' Construction Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Norcal Laborers Traffic Control Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Nursery, Greenhouse, and Grower Operations Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Nutrition and Dietetics Associate in Science for Transfer (AS-T)
Occupational Health and Safety
Occupational Health and Safety (OSH) Courses
Occupational Safety Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Occupational Safety and Health Associate of Science (AS)
Occupational Safety and Health Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Ornamental Horticulture Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Paramedic Sciences Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Philosophy Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Photography Associate of Arts (AA)
Photography Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Physics Associate of Science (AS)
Piano Technology Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Political Science (POLI) Courses
Political Science Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Production Welder Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Project Management Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Psychology Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Public Health Associate in Science for Transfer (AS-T)
Radiation Safety (RADS) Courses
Red Hat Administration Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Religious Studies (RELS) Courses
Retail Management (WAFC) Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Retailing Certificate of Achievement (CA)
School Matters Program Certificate of Competency (NY)
Social Justice Studies: Gender Studies Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Social Justice Studies: LGBTQ Studies Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Social Work and Human Services Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Sociology Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Software Engineering Associate of Science (AS)
Software Engineering Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Spanish Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Spanish Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Studio Arts Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Supervisory Management Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Technical Theater Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Theater Arts (THEA) Courses
Theater Arts Associate in Arts for Transfer (AA-T)
Theater Arts Associate of Arts (AA)
Viticulture Associate of Science (AS)
Viticulture Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Viticulture and Winery Technology
Viticulture and Winery Technology (VWT) Courses
Vocational ESL Retail Certificate of Completion Certificate of Completion (NL)
Web & Interaction Design Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Web Development Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Welding Technology (WLDT) Courses
Welding Technology Associate of Science (AS)
Welding Technology Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Wine Hospitality Certificate of Achievement (CA)
Women's Studies (WMST) Courses
Work Experience (WRKX) Courses

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/admissions/academic-calendar.php ---
Admissions & Records Office
Current students should email from theirZonemailand include their W number.
Drop for non-payment will be processed onDecember6, 2024.
Drop for non-payment will be processed onJuly17, 2025.
Drop for non-payment will be processed onJune5, 2025.
Email:Please send all Admissions and Records inquires via email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
FALL 2025 DROP FOR NON-PAYMENT DEADLINE
Las Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveBuilding 1600, Room 1670Livermore, CA 94551
SPRING 2025 DROP FOR NON-PAYMENT DEADLINE
Spring 2025 Office/Window Hours
Students who register for Fall classes between April 14 - May 26, 2025 -June 4, 2025
Students who register for Fall classes between May 27 - July 5, 2024 -July 3, 2025
Students who register for Spring classes between November 12 - November 26, 2024

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/president/realignment.php ---
About LPCStrategic PlanningOrganizational Chart
Angelica CazarezExecutive Assistant to the Presidentacazarez@laspositascollege.edu925.424.1002
Connect with the President
Download the Organizational Realignment Presentation (PDF)
Input and feedback from faculty, classified professionals, and administrators will
allow us to identify opportunities to be more efficient in how we are structured operationally
within our respective divisions/departments to allow for more effectiveness, stability,
and capacity to further support student success.
LPC's Organizational Realignment Feedback Form
Mission, Vision & Values
Office of the President
Opportunities will continue to be provided for input and feedback to this process.
 As we, collectively, envision how we will re-align our institution, we will utilize
our college governance structure (College Council) to assess the cost of each action,
determine the priority in which we will proceed, and establish a broad timeframe in
which the re-alignment would occur. We will communicate regularly through Town Meetings
to keep the campus community informed of this process.
Research Planning & Institutional Effectiveness
The Campus Community has been invited to participate in an LPC Organizational Realignment
Conversation.  The first conversation took place on January 20, 2023 where the entire
campus was invited. Subsequent conversations have taken place at Town Meetings, LPC
Administrative Team Meetings, and College Council Meetings.
The Organizational Alignment PowerPoint highlights the purpose and scope of these
conversations, guidelines and considerations, college goals and priorities, potential
challenges, phases and next steps.
The purpose of these conversation is to start to explore the exciting opportunity
to assess our organizational structure in relation to our mission, vision, and strategic
goals and priorities.
Title IX Officer/Sexual Harassment OfficerDr. Jeanne Wilson925.424.1405
VacantSenior Administrative Assistant (Temporary Assignment)

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/gv/index.php ---
Administrative StaffFirst & Third Thursdays10 a.m. to 12 p.m.Room 1687
Amy Mattern,Dean of Academic Services – Arts and Humanities
Angelica CazarezExecutive Assistant to the College Presidentacazarez@laspositascollege.edu925.424.1002
Cassondra Reinsel, Student Resource Program Manager
Christopher Crone,Director of Disabled Student Programs & Services
College Council4th Thursdays2:30 - 4:30 PMRoom 1687
Committee Meetings Master Calendar
Directory of LPC Employees - Fall 2024
Guest Speaker - Visitor Pass
Jeanne Wilson, Ed.D., Vice President of Student Services
Joel Gagnon, Dean of Student Services
Kenneth Cooper, Executive Director, Las Positas College Foundation
Kevin Harral, Director of Financial Aid
Kevin Kramer,Dean of Academic Services – Public Safety, Advanced Manufacturing, Transportation,
Health, and Kinesiology
Las Positas College Administration
Nan Ho, Ed.D.,Vice President of Academic Services
Paula Checchi, Ph.D.,Dean of Academic Services – Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics
Rajinder Samra, Director of Research & Planning
Sean Brooks,Vice President of Administrative Services
Stephany Chavez, Director, Child Development Center
Stephen Gunderson, Manager, College Technology Services
Stuart McElderry,Ph.D.,Dean of Academic Services – Business, Social Science, and Learning Resources
Tamica Ward, Dean of Enrollment Services
The governance process is based upon the shared belief and tradition that the development
of college policies, procedures and recommendations is made by consensus built upon
campus-wide involvement of students, faculty, classified and administrators.
The governance structure of Las Positas College is reflective of an institutional
decision-making process that includes representation from all constituent groups (Student,
Classified and Academic Senates and Administration) in recommending policies and/or
procedures (exclusive of collective bargaining issues) to the President, Chancellor
and Board of Trustees.
Town MeetingFirst Wednesday2:30 -4:30 pmRoom 2420
Town MeetingTown Meeting Archives
Traci Peterson,Educational Partnerships Project Manager
Vacant, Dean of Special Programs, Student Equity & Success
Vacant, Public Safety Programs Manager
VacantSr. Administrative Assistant to the College President (Temporary Assignment
Vicki Shipman, Project Manager, Career Technical Education (CTE) Program

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/presidentsscholars/index.php ---
Benefits of the Program
Give to the President's Scholars Program
Las Positas College President’s Scholars Program
The LPC President’s Scholars Program is a financial need-based program that is intended
to promote equity by providing financial support to outstanding scholars attending
Las Positas College.  The program includes a full scholarship that covers tuition,
fees, parking, and textbooks for two years.  This comprehensive program offers outstanding
opportunities for leadership, service and mentorship.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/about/index.php ---
About Las Positas College
Academic rigor is maintained in a friendly, personal atmosphere. Las Positas College
faculty and staff are distinguished by their energy, creativity, and commitment to
making a difference in the lives of the students they serve.
Credit: Janet Newton, "Las Positas, the Store of Robert and Josefa Livermore," 1969.
Dean, Valley Campus - Barbara M. Mertes, Ph.D. - __ to 1993
Faculty & Staff Directory
History of Las Positas College
In 1988, the College was designated by the Board of Governors to be an independent
college and on January 7, 1991, LPC received full accreditation from the Accrediting
Commission for Community and Junior Colleges.
In 1991 the first full graduating class was honored at Convocation. There were 5 buildings
on the west end of campus and Convocation was held on the lawn to the west (in front
of) the current Building 700.
Las Positas College Presidents
Las Positas College began as an extension center of Chabot College in 1963, offering
24 classes and enrolling 810 students at Livermore High School and two other sites.
By 1965, the program had expanded and moved to Granada High School in Livermore. It
subsequently grew to include Amador and Dublin High Schools as well. The District
purchased the Livermore site that same year, intending to develop a comprehensive
community college. On March 31, 1975, “Valley Campus” opened as the Livermore Education
Center of Chabot College.
Las Positas College currently enrolls nearly 8,500 day and evening students. The College
offers curriculum for students seeking career preparation, transfer to a four-year
college or university, or personal enrichment. The College provides university transfer
classes, retraining classes for those in need of employment or career advancement,
a first-time educational opportunity for many adults, enrichment classes for those
seeking a broader perspective, and career and technical training for those entering
the technical and paraprofessional work force. Las Positas College excels in helping
students transfer to the University of California system, the California State University
system, and other four-year institutions.
Las Positas College is a learning-centered institution focused on excellence and student
success, and is fully committed to supporting all Tri-Valley residents in their quest
for education and advancement.
Las Positas College is located 40 miles southeast of San Francisco, amid one of California's
fastest growing regions for business, science, and technology. Gently rolling hills
and picturesque vineyards provide the scenic background for the College's 147-acre
campus.
Mission, Vision, Goals & Values
Planning and Budget Cycle
President Barbara A. Adams - 1990 to 1993
President Barry A. Russell, Ph.D. - 2013 to 2018
President DeRionne P. Pollard, Ph.D. - 2008 to 2010
President Dyrell Foster, Ph.D. - 2019 to Present
President Karen Halliday - 2001 to 2008
President Kevin G. Walthers, Ph.D. - 2011 to 2013
President Susan A. Cota, Ph.D. - 1994 to 2001
Robert Livermore married the widow Maria Josefa de Jesus Higuera on 5 May 1838, daughter
of José Loreto Higuera, a grantee of Rancho Los Tularcitos. She was a member of the
Higuera and Bernal families. Some of her elders were in the Spanish party accompanying
De Anza into Norte California in 1775-76.
Students who come to the College can choose any of 24 Occupational Associate Degrees,
17 Transfer Associate Degrees, and 44 Certificate Programs. In addition, the College
offers community education courses geared toward personal development and cultural
enrichment.
The Spanish word "pozos" means springs. The early Tri Valley settler, Robert Livermore,
named his homestead "Las Positas", as it had a nice spring running through it. This
was apparently his own form of Spanish to mean "The Springs." Livermore was born and
raised in an English village named Springfield, in Essex. The village still has the
Livermore family home "Springfield House", thus a connection to his home village was
in the name "Las Positas."
The campus is accessible from BART and Interstate 580. Students can take buses from
the Pleasanton-Dublin BART station and from many locations in Livermore and Pleasanton.
The College is proud of its exceptional safety record, which has made it one of the
safest colleges in the Bay Area, and its commitment to sustainability, including LEED
facilities, recycling and paper reduction practices, and photovoltaic (solar) parking
structures generating one megawatt of energy.
What Does "Las Positas" Mean?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/facilities/feeschedule.php ---
A non-profit fee option is available.  A copy of the organization's 501(c)(3) required.
Andrea AndersonAdministrative Services - Executive Assistant
California Community Colleges abide by regulations to comply with the Civic Center
Act in determining allowable costs for use of college facilities or grounds for community
use.
Facilities Use & Rentals
Facility Options & Pictures
For more information please contact:
For urgent inquiries, please contact:
LPC Campus Aerial Photos
LPC Mertes Center for the Arts Theater Equipment Fee List
LPC Staff Internal Requests
Las Positas College, Facility Rental Officelpc-externalfacilityrentals@laspositascollege.edu
Maintenance, repair restorations, and refurbishment relative to use of facilities and
    grounds
Unlocking and Locking of Facilities

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/ztc/index.php ---
ASCCC Curated OER Collections:OER collections for California Community Colleges, organized by subject, CSU general
            education requirements, Transfer Model Curricula, and C-ID, plus a summary of any
            gaps in OER.
Acting CA(In Progress, Expected Fall 2026)
Anthropology AA-T(In Progress, Expected Fall 2025)
As a Faculty, I would like to explore OER options for my class, where should I look?
BSSL Dean & ZTC Program Funds Administration
Benefits: Improved course enrollment, performance, and completion rates by ensuring
students have access to required materials from day one.
Check course syllabus for information on how to access course materials.
Choosing to explore Open Educational Resources (OER) for your class is a great decision
        because it can give your students quality educational content at little or no cost.
        Here are some well-known platforms and collections where you can start searching for
        OER:
Click Here to Search
Courses can get the Zero Textbook Cost label if they have removed all textbook costs
        for students. Courses can get the Low Cost Textbook label if the textbooks cost less
        than $50.
Enroll in Your Desired Course
Enroll in the course that fits your academic needs.
Find courses with zero textbook costs.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's)
Here are some ways instructors have lowered or removed textbook costs:
How do you get the textbook costs for the low cost designation?
How is a course eligible for the above designations?
I like physical books better, may I print copies of a free digital textbook?
If you plan to move your class or department towards ZTC (Zero Textbook Cost), there
        are funds available to support you. Please fill out theZTC $$ Request Formto request funding.
Instructors should tell their departments if their course qualifies for either label
        when they are planning the schedule.
LibreTexts:A platform where faculty can find, customize, and use resources across different
            subjects.
Low Textbook Cost (LTC) Initiative
OASIS (Openly Available Sources Integrated Search):A tool for finding free, peer-reviewed, openly licensed college textbooks for many
            introductory courses.
OER Liaison & Faculty Librarian
Objective: Make higher education more affordable without compromising quality.
OpenStax:A nonprofit organization that provides free, peer-reviewed, openly licensed college
            textbooks for many introductory courses.
Please check the textbook information for your course as the start date gets closer,
        especially if the instructor has changed.
Professional Networks:Colleagues in your department or professional groups may already know about OER resources
            that are good for your class.
Providing a class set of textbooks that all students can use
Search for ZTC Courses
Sometimes, the instructor for a class might also change. New instructors have the
        right to choose their own textbooks, even if they cost more, and they don’t have to
        use the free or low-cost materials previously chosen.
Textbooks are free for students, through lending services or online (e-books)
The LTC initiative focuses on desiginating courses with textbooks that are priced
lower than $50, offering students more affordable options.
The ZTC initiative aims to ensure that students have access to courses that do not
require textbook purchases, thus making education more accessible and affordable.
The college tries to make sure that the ZTC (Zero Textbook Cost) and LTC (Low Cost
        Textbook) labels in the class schedule are correct. However, sometimes things change.
        For example, a book might become unavailable, or an instructor might need to choose
        a different textbook, which could change the cost of course materials.
The course instructor changed, will it still be low cost or zero cost?
The total cost of required textbooks must be less than $50. The price used is the
        lowest pre-tax cost available to all students at the campus bookstore. For physical
        books, this usually means the NEW price, because used or rental copies might not be
        available for everyone. If a digital rental or purchase option is available and a
        physical book is not required, then that digital price can be used.
Using a free, open educational resource (OER) textbook
Using free readings from websites or online databases
Welcome to the ZTC & LTC Initiatives Portal
What is ZTC and LTC?
When looking at resources, of course think about the quality and fit, but also look
        at the licensing (to make sure you can use it as you plan), and any reviews or data
        on how it’s been used before. Switching to OER might require some adjustments, but
        it can be very helpful for students by reducing costs and providing immediate access
        to materials!
You have the option to print the digital materials provided to you, and sometimes
        your instructor may require you to do so. If a class uses free digital materials but
        asks students to print some of them, it can still be labeled as Low Textbook Cost
        if the printing costs are expected to be under the $50 limit. However, if you choose
        to print materials on your own, those costs don’t count as part of this program.
ZTC Coordinator & Faculty
Zero Textbook Cost (ZTC) Initiative

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/admissions/index.php ---
Admissions & Records Office
Click here to join zoom meeting
Current students should email from theirZonemailand include their W number.
Email:Please send all Admissions and Records inquires via email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
Las Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveBuilding 1600, Room 1670Livermore, CA 94551
Spring 2025 Office/Window Hours
Zoom HoursMonday, Wednesday, Thursday10am - 12pm

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/gv/pdc/index.php ---
1 Faculty from each Division (currently 5 total)
1 Student (non-voting), selected from LPCSG
2 years. One-half replaced each year. First year selected by lottery.
5 Classified,including Teaching and Learning Center and Administrative Services
Administrator Tri-Chair (President or designee)
Another intersting item is the creation of theACCJC Accreditation Standard III.A.14which calls for the following:"The institution plans for and provides all personnel with appropriateopportunities for continued professional development, consistent with theinstitutional mission and based on evolving pedagogy, technology, andlearning needs. The institution systematically evaluates professionaldevelopment programs and uses the results of these evaluations as the basisfor improvement."
Archives from past FLEX day sessions, including spring 2024, can be foundhere.
Aubrie RossProfessional Development Classified Tri-Chair
Classified Tri-Chair (selected by Classified Senate)
Computer and technological proficiency programs.
Courses and training implementing affirmative action and upward mobility.
David PowersProfessional Development Faculty Tri-Chair
Develop policies and processes for awarding of professional development funds; review
    and make recommendations for funding of staff proposals; plan and promote professional
    development activities.
Development of innovations in instructional and adminstrative techniques and program
            effectiveness.
Faculty Tri-Chair (selected by President & Academic Senate)
For More Information Please Contact:
If you are Full-Time faculty, please make sure to complete yourVariable FLEX form(Part 1) by November 15 and submit toJennifer Farber.
In 2014,AB 2558was placed into effect which effectively established the Community College Professional
        Development Program and eliminated the Community College Faculty and Staff Development
        Fund.
In-service training for vocational education and employment preparation.
Jennifer FarberProfessional Development Support
Maintenance of current academic and technical knowledge and skills.
Meetings are held during the second Monday of each month from 2:30 PM - 4:30 PM in
    Room 21247.
Other activities determined to be related to educational and professional development
            pursuant to criteria established by the Board of Governors of the California Community
            Colleges, including, but not necessarily limited to, programs designed to develop
            self-esteem.
President, Academic Senate, Classified Senate
Professional Development Funding is to be disbursed according to the rules and regulations
        of the board of governors. In order to receive continued funding for Professional
        Development on campus, documentation must be maintained concerning employees' participation
        in Professional Development activities in accordance with their contractually obligated
        hours.
ResourcesNew Faculty OrientationOnline LearningPart-Time (Adjunct) FacultyProfessional DevelopmentProfessional OrganizationsTeaching InstituteWorking TogetherCurrentArchives
Retraining to meet changing institutional needs.
Section87153of California Education Code specifies the type of Professional Development activities
        that may be funded by the Community College Professional Development Program. They
        are as follows:Improvement of teaching.Maintenance of current academic and technical knowledge and skills.In-service training for vocational education and employment preparation.Retraining to meet changing institutional needs.Intersegmental exchange programs.Development of innovations in instructional and adminstrative techniques and program
            effectiveness.Computer and technological proficiency programs.Courses and training implementing affirmative action and upward mobility.Other activities determined to be related to educational and professional development
            pursuant to criteria established by the Board of Governors of the California Community
            Colleges, including, but not necessarily limited to, programs designed to develop
            self-esteem.
The FLEX Days for 2024-2025 have been determined.  They are Thursday, October 24 for
Fall 2024 and Thursday, March 20 for Spring 2025.
The FLEX Days for 2025-2026 have been determined.  They are Thursday, October 23 for
Fall 2025 and Thursday, March 19 for Spring 2026.
The PDC is currently acceptingproposalsfor our fall 2024 FLEX Day which is on Thursday, October 24 from 8:00 AM - 4:00 PM. 
The final deadline to submit proposals for consideration in the program is Tuesday,
September 24 by 5:00 PM.
The Professional Development Committee
The Professional Development Committee is charged in an advisory capacity to address
the professional and personal growth needs of the campus faculty, staff, and administration
in accordance with the California Education Code as well as to foster the professional
development goals set forth in theCLPCCD District Educational Master Planand theLas Positas College Mission Statement & Institutional Strategic Goals.
This assembly bill requires that each campus has a Professional Development Advisory
        Committee (composed of faculty, staff, and administrators), completes an annual human
        development resources plan, and submits a report of the actual expenses incurred through
        faculty & staff development each year.
This is the membership list, effective for the2024-2025 Academic Year:

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/financialaid/index.php ---
*Please email from yourZonemail& include yourW#!
Building 1600, Second FloorRoom 1650(925) 424-1580lpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu
Complete your '25–26 FAFSA/CADAA by the Cal Grant Priority Deadline:September 2, 2025
Federal Grants & Programs
Financial Aid TV En Español
If you are selected for a scholarship, you’ll receive anaward email in early May.If you arenot selected, you will also receive an email notification.
Meet Our Financial Aid Staff
Our after-hours DROPBOX is in the hallway between the Admissions & Financial Aid Offices.
Our school offers free tuition forfirst time, full time college students who are CA residents or AB540 status & fill
out a FAFSA or CADAAfor their 1st year and a 2nd year promise for those who maintain eligibility throughout
the fall and spring terms.
Please note:Thetimeline for notifications may varyby department and scholarship opportunity.
Resources for Foster Youth
Resources for Student Parents
Taking Classes This Summer?
The 2025–2026 FAFSA and CADAA applications are open.*Submitted FAFSAs will appear in our systemsometime in May.
To apply for federal and state aid forSummer 2025, make sure to:File a2024–2025 FAFSA
Tuition Free PromiseFor 2025-2026
Types of AidFree TuitionFederal Grants & ProgramsState GrantsCCPG Fee WaiverScholarships
View All Important DeadlinesList of California Financial Aid (from CSAC) PDFFrequently Asked Questions for Undocumented Students

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/prospective/index.php ---
#1 Best Community College in California
#12Best Online Associate in Liberal Arts Degree Programs of 2024
#2 Best Community College in California
#2 Best Community College in the Bay Area
#3 Best Community College in California
#4 Best Community College in America
#6 Best Community College in America
#7 Best Community College in California
925.424.1000Press Zero , Main Reception Desk
Academic excellence, the latest curriculum, and outstanding faculty and staff dedicated
        to teaching and student success.
Admission to the College
Admission to the College – How to Apply
Admissions & Records Forms925.424.1545LPC-Admissions@laspositascollege.edu
Beautiful campus recognized for leadership in sustainability and safety.
Below are some of the most requested departments and services.
Best higher education value, with low fees. Financial aid and scholarships available.
        Transfer or go to work with little or no student loan debt.
Classes available for basic skills, transfer, career-technical, and retraining goals.
Extensive free support services for student success, such as the Tutorial Center and
        Open Math Lab.
Flexible class scheduling: on-campus, online, days, nights, weekends, and fast-track.
High transfer rate to UCs, CSUs, and other four-year colleges.
How may we help you?
New, state-of-the-art buildings and equipment for key programs, including science,
        technology, and performing arts.
Over 30 clubs and a thriving athletics program with exceptional new facilities.
Rankings are based on the strength of academic quality, graduation rate, affordability,
available student resources, and overall students’ experiences.
Registering for a Class - Adding or Dropping a Class
Small class and lab sizes; all classes and labs taught by faculty, not teaching assistants.
        Learn from the best!
To make Las Positas College your first choice!
Top Ten Reasons To Make Las Positas College Your First Choice!
Translation for Other Languages

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/outreach/index.php ---
Accessing Your Zonemail Account
Concurrent Enrollment (High School Students)
For more information please contact:
For specific programs:Anne KennedyOutreach Specialist(Business, Public Safety and Advanced Manufacturing & Transportation)Office: (925) 424-1273Email:akennedy@laspositascollege.eduJean O'Neil OpipariSTEM Program Coordinator(Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics)Office: (925) 424-1306Email:joneilopipari@laspositascollege.eduLilibeth Mata JuarezOutreach SpecialistArts & HumanitiesOffice: (925) 424-1353Email:ljuarez@laspositascollege.edu
Outreach Presentation Request Form
Sarah AndersonOutreach SpecialistOffice: (925) 424-1407Email:seanderson@laspositascollege.edu
The ZoneAccessing Your Zonemail Account
There is a pathway for everyone at Las Positas College.  Explore the Academic & Career
Pathways withProgram Mapper.
Undecided about your career? Having trouble choosing a major?Explore your career path withCareer Coach.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/careercenter/index.php ---
Additional resources for students and alumni:
Building 1600, First FloorRoom 1604-C
Career Coach - Career Research Tool
Faculty and Staff Resources
Fall 2024 Office Hours
Handshake - LPC Internship & Job Board
Job Fairs and Workshops
Job and Internship Board
Kristi VanderhoofCareer Center Coordinator
Las Positas College does not hire students for remote internships. Please be wary
of scam emails from senders that do not end in @laspositascollege.edu and read the
link on"Avoiding Job Scams".
Please note: Information on these pages is subject to change. Spanish translation
provided by Google Translate. Las Positas College is not responsible for errors in
translation.
Resume and Cover Letter Resources
Student ResourcesStudent ResourcesHandshake - LPC Internship & Job BoardResume and Cover Letter ResourcesCareer Coach - Career Research ToolJob Fairs and Workshops
Students can earn college credit for working in a job, internship, or steady volunteer
position. Learn more at theWork Experiencewebsite.
TheCounseling Departmentwill help guide you in your major selection, create an educational plan and develop
skills to succeed in college.
TheTri-Valley Career Centeroffers assessments, additional workshops, ongoing 1-on-1 job search assistance, vocational
training funding, transportation/interview clothing assistance, and employer connections
to LPC students and all members of the Tri-Valley community. To get started, attend
anOrientation.
Welcome to the Las Positas College Career Center, providing students and alumni with
resources to achieve their career and employment aspirations.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/studentlife/index.php ---
Building 1600, Room 1643
Josué A. HernándezProgram Coordinator, Student Life and Leadership
LPCSG Agendas & Minutes
Monday:9:00 am - 5:00 pmTuesday: 9:00 am - 7:00 pmWednesday:9:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday:9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday:9:00 am - 1:00 pm
Student ClubsStudents have the opportunity to form clubs relating to common social, recreational,
or other interests.Active Club ListingStudent Club FormsView Student ClubsStudent GovernmentThe Las Positas College Student Government is a non-partisan organization focused
on advocating for student equity, advocating for student interests, promoting student
success, and promoting student engagement on campus.LPCSG Agendas & MinutesVisit Student Government
Students have the opportunity to form clubs relating to common social, recreational,
or other interests.
The Las Positas College Student Government is a non-partisan organization focused
on advocating for student equity, advocating for student interests, promoting student
success, and promoting student engagement on campus.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/stepstosuccess/preparecounselingappointment.php ---
1. Watch the video- Creating your Academic Plan – General Education
1. Watch the video: Creating your Academic Plan- Major requirements
2. Download & print your selected General Education Pattern
2. Visit ourDegree & Certificates homepageto view the complete list of all the associate degrees & certificates offered at
LPC (in alphabetical order).
3. Select your degree. View the list of the major courses required for the degree
or certificate.
4. Click on "View Program Map" at the top of the page. The program map is the suggested
4 semester educational plan which includes general education and major courses. The
maps are geared for full time enrollment to complete your degree in 2 years or 4 semesters.
Academic & Career Pathways
All students are encouraged to meet with a counselor for academic planning & career
guidance. Prior to your academic planning meeting, please complete the following steps
and learn of other resources available to all students.
An abbreviated education plan is one or two semesters in length and is typically used
for entering first time students.
Associate Degree General Education (ADGE)
California General Education Transfer Curriculum (Cal-GETC)
California State University General Education-Breadth (CSU GE-B)
Click Here For Visual Instructions
Degree Works  allows you to view your Student Educational Plan and confirm what courses
you have completed, as well as what courses remain, toward meeting your educational
objective(s). DegreeWorks matches your academic and course history, as well as your
current course schedule, against the degree requirements as defined in theLPC College Catalog.
Explore your career path
General Education Pattern for Associate of Arts (AA) Degree
General Education Pattern for Associate of Science AS Degree
HOW TO PREPARE FOR YOUR COUNSELING SESSION
If you have questions or need more information, pleasevisittheDegreeWorksHomepage
Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC)
Las Positas College's Academic and Career Pathways are groups of similar programs
that are designed to help you select a program of study and speed your progress towards
completion. You will find information on occupations and careers commonly associated
with each program, including typical wages and the labor market demand for California.
New Student Group Planning Session
New Student Group Planning Session fillable PDF
New Student Support Center
Not sure of the academic program or career you would like to pursue at Las Positas
College? Take a quick interest assessment that will give you, personal career matches
based on your strengths. See which pathways are a good fit for you and quickly move
into specific careers. Once you find a career you like, you can learn all about it
with data on expected earnings, available jobs, daily tasks, job postings, top employers,
relevant skills, and more.
Note: AA-T and AS- T are the California State University transfer degrees. You must use
the CSU GE Breadth or IGETC GE patterns with these degrees.
Once logged in, navigate to the Student Services Tab,
Scroll down and locate the DegreeWorks Tab
Select Las Positas College as your institution
Select your transfer university in the agreements with other institutions box
Sign on toCLASS-Webby entering your User W-ID number and PIN
The official course transfer and articulation system for California’s public colleges
and universities (CSU & UC). Use the assist website to identify the lower division
courses for your major that should be completed at Las Positas College prior to transferring
to the 4-year university. ·
Then select your major. The courses on the right-hand side of the sheet are the major
courses that you should complete at LPC before you transfer.
To access Degree Works, follow these steps:
To access the assist website, , follow these steps:
We are here to provide you with support as you navigate your Steps to Success. Our
dedicated team is ready to assist you promptly, whether in person, over the phone,
or via email.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/lpcsg/index.php ---
*Hours of operation of this office are subject to change.
As the  Las Positas College Student Government (LPCSG) , we represent student interests
on local, state, and national levels by lobbying legislators, attending conferences,
and being members of campus governance committees. We also organize and host campus
events, fund student clubs, and host "The Market" offering free food/groceries every
month. The LPCSG consists of elected or appointed officers and senators who submit
an application packet and meet eligibility requirements. The LPCSG is funded by the
Student Activity Fee and the Student Representation Fee. For more information, stop
by the LPCSG Office located in Room 1643 of the Student Services and Administration
Building.
Fall 2023 Office Hours*Monday             9:00 am - 5:00 pmTuesday             9:00 am - 7:00 pmWednesday      9:00 am - 5:00 pmThursday           9:00 am - 5:00 pmFriday                 9:00 am - 1:00 pm
For more information, please contact:
Join Las Positas Student Government
Josué A. HernándezProgram Coordinator, Student Life and Leadership(925) 424-1494jahernandez@laspositascollege.edu
LPCSG Agendas & Minutes
LPCSG Officers & Senators
LPCSG Official Documents and Forms
LPCSG on Social Media
Las Positas College Student Government
Student Government LeadersVisit theLPCSG Officers and Senatorswebpage for email addresses.
Student Life OfficeBuilding 1600, Room 1643(925) 424-1490lpc-studentlife@laspositascollege.edu
The Las Positas College Student Government is committed to removing barriers to access
and providing an atmosphere for better learning and personal growth. We are dedicated
to representing student interests on local, state, and national levels by lobbying
legislators, attending conferences, and serving on campus governance committees.
The Las Positas College Student Government's (LPCSG) mission is to support Las Positas
College in making the campus a safe, positive, and equitable space for all students.
We are a nonpartisan organization that is passionate about facilitating and improving
student life on our campus, advocating for our students at the local, state, and national
level by making students' critical issues known, and relentlessly fighting to represent
our diverse student population. The Student Government aims to enrich the students
academically, socially, and culturally. We strive to be as transparent as possible
and encourage student involvement in our affairs.
The Las Positas College Student Government, a union of students formed to represent
the interest of the student body, seeks to provide means for student representation
by maintaining well-established lines of communication throughout the many areas of
the community college environment. We hereby establish this Constitution under the
authority of the Board of Trustees of the Chabot-Las Positas Community College District.
What is the LPCSG?

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/admissions/fees.php ---
$21 Fall and Spring
$25subscriber fee per semester
$30returned payment fee if a payment is returned
A $10.00 processing fee will be subtracted from each enrollment fee refund (with the
exception of classes cancelled by the College).
A Student Representation fee of $2.00 will be assessed of all students each semester or
session. This fee is used for any purpose related to representing the views of students
with governmental bodies.
A mandatory Student Health fee of $21 for Fall and Spring, and $18 for Summer will
be assessed for all students each semester or session.This fee is used to support health services for enrolled students. In accordance with
State Assembly Bill 982 and Section 76355 of the State Education Code, exemptions
are only granted for the following: Students who depend exclusively upon prayer for
healing in accordance with the teachings of a bona fide religious sect, denomination,
or organization; and students who are attending Las Positas College under an approved
apprenticeship training program. Written documentation must be provided to the Dean
of Enrollment Services (Admissions & Records), Bldg. 1600, Rm. 1670.
A student who must withdraw for military purpose shall be refunded 100% fees paid,
regardless of the date of withdrawal. In this case, requests for refunds made after
the end of the academic year will be honored.
Admissions & Records Office
All personal checks must be imprinted with the name of the account holder. All checks
must be only from the state of CA. Write your student W ID number in the front of
the check.
Automatic bank payment (ACH)
Avoid being dropped from classes! Las Positas College makes the cost of education
more manageable. It's convenient, interest-free, and affordable!Please note: The Nelnet Tuition Payment Program is available for Fall and Spring terms
only.
California Resident:$46 per unit
Click Pay My Fees Online on the Student Services tab
Click Sign Up for or Manage Payment Plan
Create account with Nelnet and follow instructions
Current students should email from theirZonemailand include their W number.
Do not send CASH.
Download and print theRefund of Fees Form (PDF).
Easy online enrollment viaCLASS-Web
Email:Please send all Admissions and Records inquires via email tolpc-admissions@laspositascollege.edu
Enrollment Fee Refund Policy
Fees may be paid online, in person, by phone, or by mail. It is possible to pay using
either Credit Card/Debit, personal check, money order, cashier’s check or cash.
Fees, Tuition, Refunds & Payment
For additional information, call Nelnet at800.609.8056. Customer service representatives are available24/7.
If mailing fees, payments should be addressed to
If you have questions about your agreement or need to make a change to your address,
telephone number or account number, please visit the following link:http://mycollegepaymentplan.com/laspositas/
In October 2019, California Governor Gavin Newsom signed Assembly Bill 1504 into law
authorizing California community colleges to assess a student representation fee of
$2 per semester beginning spring semester 2020.  The student representation fees collected
will help establish and support the operation of a statewide community college student
organization that empowers students to participate and engage in statewide higher
education policy and advocacy activities.  The fees collected will also financially
support the advocacy efforts of the Las Positas College Student Government.
Las Positas College3000 Campus Hill DriveBuilding 1600, Room 1670Livermore, CA 94551
Las Positas CollegeAttn: Admissions & Records3000 Campus Hill DriveLivermore CA 94551
Log into your accountCLASS-WEBand then go to"Pay My Fees Online"
Nelnet Tuition Payment Program
Non-resident & International Student:$370+$46=$416 per unit
Non-resident tuition refunds will be given as follows:
Please be sure to have your confirmation email available before logging in. You will
receive your confirmation email one business day after submitting your agreement.
Please be sure to write your student W ID number on your check or money order. Allow
enough time for payments to reach the college prior to the due date. The college assumes
no responsibility for delays caused by the US Postal Service Postmarks will not be
honored.
Refund checks will be sent by mail approximately 6 weeks after the NGR deadline.
Registered students will be assessed a $10.00 fee each semester, excluding the summer
semester, with the option to opt out. Students who pay this fee will receive a LPC
Student Activity sticker that provides discounts on student activities and sports
events. This fee helps to fund campus activities, Las Positas College Clubs, scholarships,
and the Student Life Welcome Center, and other student-related services. These stickers
are available each semester from our Registration Support/Online Services Center room
1672, in the 1600 building.
Select the appropriate term and click Appy for or Manage Nelnet Payment Plan (formerly
FACTS)
Simple Steps to Enroll
Spring 2025 Office/Window Hours
Students enrolled in 6 or more units will be assessed a $9 transportation fee, while
students enrolled in under 6 units will be assessed an $8 fee, excluding the summer
semester. This fee allows students to ride the Wheels bus for free, with the correct
sticker that corresponds with the correct semester. These stickers are available each
semester from our Registration Support/Online Services Center room 1672, in the 1600
building.
Students may request a refund of enrollment fees as long as the student withdraws
from the class during the first two weeks of class for a regular term class, or by
the 10% point of the length of a shortterm class.Refunds are not automatic. Requests for refunds must be filed by June 30 for the academic year just ended.
Credit balances do not carry over from one academic year to the next.
To apply for an enrollment fee refund, file aRefund of Fees Form (PDF)at the Office of Admissions and Records. No refunds will be given to students who
withdraw from classes after the no-grade-of-record (NGR) deadline. For refund deadlines,
see theAcademic Calendar.
To learn more about the student representation fee and the student advocacy efforts
being undertaken at the college, students are encouraged to contact theLas Positas College Student Government.
To make Credit Card/Debit payments please call 925-424-1557 Mondays 1:30pm - 4:30pm.
(subject to change)
To opt-out of this fee, students must complete the opt-out form by logging on to CLASS-web
and submitting the form by the posted deadline in the class schedule.
Valid CA ID must be presented at the time of In-person payment.
Visit the Admissions & Records Office located in Bldg. 1600, Second floor, Room 1670
Withdrawal after the first week of instruction for a regular semester, term or session:
No Refund.
Withdrawal during the first week of instruction for a regular semester, term or session:
75% Refund.
Withdrawal prior to the first day of instruction in a regular semester, term or session:
90% Refund.
Your payment of fees is due at the time of registration. Non-payment of fees will
result in aHOLDbeing placed in your account.  Please view the payment deadline in the currentAcademic Calendar.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/caresact2020/index.php ---
2. Funds Available to Students:
2021-2022 Request to open a Professional Judgment EFC Appeal
3. Funds Distributed to Students:
5. Number of Students Who Received Funding:
6. Method(s) Used to Determine Funding:
7. Instructions/Announcements for Students:
A CARES/HEERF II grant was provided to students in July, 2021, retroactively for enrollment
in Spring 2021.  $1000 grants were automatically awarded to all 2020-2021 FAFSA and
California Dream Application filers who demonstrated a valid Expected family contribution
less than $13,077 who maintained enrollment in 6 or more units, ensuring that funding
was provided to those with the greatest need.
A HEERF II/III grant was automatically provided to all students enrolled in 3 or more
units who submitted a 2021-2022 FAFSA or California Dream Application with a valid
Expected Family Contribution.  The amount was based on their Expected Family Contribution
and their units of enrollment.  Those with the greatest need received the largest
grant amount. Additionally, International students were able to submit an application
for HEERF funds through the International Student Program since they were unable to
apply for financial aid.
A local onlineLPC CARES Emergency Grant Applicationwas available through September 15, 2020, for other students who were enrolled in
Spring 2020 to apply, with the same basic eligibility criteria as the automated awards
but allowing for students with no unmet financial need (based on cost of attendance
less Expected Family Contribution) to be considered, and for students who may have
dropped below 6 units due to Covid-19 related issues to also be considered.   Those
grants were also awarded at $750 per student.
A revised localLPC CARES Emergency Grant Application was madeavailable for students who enrolled in Fall 2020; students were able to apply until
June 30, 2021, after which the funds were expended. The Fall 2020 CARES grant was
$500 for all applicants.  To qualify, a student must have filed a 2020-2021 FAFSA
with a valid EFC, met basic federal Title IV basic eligibility criteria and were enrolled
into at least 6 units at Las Positas.  Student must clearly indicate on the application
that they have experienced one of several listed possible hardships defined by the
federal government which meet the criteria to qualify for an emergency CARES Act grant
for fall term.
A revised localLPC CARES Emergency Grant Applicationis currently available for students enrolled in Fall 2020.  To qualify, a student
must have filed a 2020-2021 FAFSA with a valid EFC, met federal Title IV basic eligibility
criteria, are currently enrolled into at least 6 units at Las Positas.  Student must
clearly indicate on the application that they have experienced one of several listed
possible hardships defined by the federal government which meet the criteria to qualify
for an emergency CARES Act grant for fall term.
ATTENTION!  Did your (or your family’s) income drop significantly in 2020 or 2021
due to covid or other reasons? If so consider filing aSpecial Circumstance/EFC AppealAFTER we receive your initial FAFSA results, or speak to a financial aid advisor.
  This allows us to reduce your FAFSA income so that you may qualify for financial
aid, or for additional aid, based on your more recent financial situation instead
of relying on 2019 information that is in your fafsa.
Adjustments to HEERF/CARES awards will be provided ONLY to students whose EFC was
originally greater than 13000 at the time of the disbursement but whose EFC has been
adjusted to below 13000 due to having submitted an EFC Adjustment/Special Circumstance
appeal which was approved after the initial disbursement.
All FAFSA/CADAA applicants enrolled in 3 or more units at the time of disbursement
will receive CARES grant funds.
As of August 11, 2020,$1,263,000of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.
As of August 11, 2020,1684students have received an emergency grant valued at $750 each under Section 18004(a)(1)
of the CARES Act.
As of August 31, 2021,$2,874,750of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act and The HEERF II/CRRSAA Act.
As of August 31, 2021,3464students received emergency grants totaling $2874,750.  Of this,1669students received an emergency grant valued at $750 each,344students received an emergency grant valued at $500 each, and1451students received an emergency grant valued at$1000each.
As of December 31, 2021,$4,930,150.00of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act and The HEERF II/CRRSAA Act.
As of December 31, 2021,7845students received a total of$4,930,150in emergency grant funds.2239students received a Fall 2021 emergency grant totaling$2,056,400.
As of January 10, 2021,$1,357,750of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.
As of January 10, 2021,1669students have received an emergency grant valued at $750 each, and212students have received an emergency grant valued at $500 each under Section 18004(a)(1)
of the CARES Act.
As of July 15, 2021,$2,874,750of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act and The HEERF II/CRRSAA Act.
As of July 15, 2021,3464students received emergency grants totaling $2874,750.  Of this,1669students received an emergency grant valued at $750 each,344students received an emergency grant valued at $500 each, and1451students received an emergency grant valued at$1000each.
As of June 11, 2020,$1,109,250of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.
As of June 30, 2020,$1,164,000of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.
As of June 30, 2020,1562students have received an emergency grant valued at $750 each under Section 18004(a)(1)
of the CARES Act.
As of June 30, 2021,$1,423,750of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.
As of June 30, 2021,2013students received an emergency grant totaling $1,423,750.  Of this,1669students received an emergency grant valued at $750 each, and344students have received an emergency grant valued at $500 each under Section 18004(a)(1)
of the CARES Act.
As of June 30, 2022$7,908,004.35of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act and The HEERF II/CRRSAA Act.
As of June 30, 2022,10,408students received a total of$7,908,004.35in emergency grant funds.2239students received an emergency grant during fall term totaling$2,056,400and 2306 students received a Spring 2022 Emergency grant for spring term and/or retroactively
for fall term, totaling$2,829,350.  Included in this account balance are257student account balances (accrued since the covid emergency began) which were paid
off by Student HEERF funds totaling$148,504.40).
As of March 24, 2021,$1,405,250of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.
As of March 24, 2021,1669students have received an emergency grant valued at $750 each, and307students have received an emergency grant valued at $500 each under Section 18004(a)(1)
of the CARES Act.
As of March 31, 2022$7,667,114.75of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act and The HEERF II/CRRSAA Act.
As of March 31, 2022,10,140students received a total of$7,667,114.75in emergency grant funds.2239students received an emergency grant during fall term totaling$2,056,400and2212students received a Spring 2022 Emergency grant for spring term and/or retroactively
for fall term, totaling$3,693,650.  Included in this total are83student account balances (accrued since the covid emergency began) which were paid
off by Student HEERF funds totaling$43,114.75.
As of May 11, 2021,$1,413,750of Emergency Financial Aid grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.
As of May 11, 2021,2013students received an emergency grant totaling $1,423,750.  Of this,1669students received an emergency grant valued at $750 each, and344students have received an emergency grant valued at $500 each under Section 18004(a)(1)
of the CARES Act.
As of May 26, 2020,1480students have received an emergency grant valued at$750each under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.
As of November 30, 2021,$4,855,950of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act and The HEERF II/CRRSAA Act.
As of November 30, 2021,5606students received a total of$4,855,950in emergency grant funds.2142students received a Fall 2021 emergency grant totaling $1,981,200. Of these,79students received $200,300students received $400,452students received $600, and1312students received $1200.  Previously,3464students received emergency grants totaling $2874,750.
As of October 15, 2021,$2,874,750of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act and The HEERF II/CRRSAA Act.
As of October 15, 2021,3464students received emergency grants totaling $2874,750.  Of this, 1669 students received
an emergency grant valued at $750 each,344students received an emergency grant valued at $500 each, and1451students received an emergency grant valued at$1000each.
As of October 29, 2020,$1,329,750of Emergency Financial Aid Grants has been distributed to students under Section
18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act.
As of October 29, 2020,1669students have received an emergency grant valued at $750 each, and154students have received an emergency grant valued at $500 each under Section 18004(a)(1)
of the CARES Act.
Available for Fall 2021 and for Spring 2022 at Las Positas College
Awards were automatically provided and emails sent to all recipients as follows:
Based on the current guidance by the Department of Education,CARES grants cannot be provided to students who completely withdrew, even with Covid-19 extraordinary withdrawals, or to students in a disqualified financial
aid status.  If that guidance changes we will gladly revise our eligibility criteria
accordingly.
Building 1600, Second Floor
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in December 31, 2020
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in December 31, 2020 (revised)
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in December 31, 2021
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in December 31, 2022
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in December 31, 2022(revised)
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in June 30, 2021
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in June 30, 2021 (edited quarterly report date)
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in June 30, 2021 (revised)
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in June 30, 2022
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in June 30, 2022(revised)
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in June 30, 2023
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in March 31, 2021
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in March 31, 2022
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in March 31, 2023
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in September 30, 2020
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in September 30, 2021
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in September 30, 2021(revised)
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in September 30, 2022
CARES/HEERF Quarterly Report ending in September 30, 2022(revised)
Concurrently enrolled high school students arenot eligible
Drop box is located in the hallway on the wall near the back entrance door that can
be used before and after business hours.
EFC = 00000-13000 and enrolled in 3 – 5.5 units = $400
EFC = 00000-13000 and enrolled in 6 or more units = $1200
EFC > 13000 and enrolled in 3 – 5.5 units = $200
EFC > 13000 and enrolled in 6 or more units = $600
Email notification to HEERF III Emergency grant recipients Fall term 2021:
Email notification to HEERF III Emergency grant recipients Spring term 2022:
Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students
Fall 2024 Office Hours
Federal Higher Education Emergency Relief Funds III/CARES Act funds are available
for LPC students to help with school-related expenses incurred because of COVID-19.
 We are now providing funds to all students who have filed a FAFSA or CADAA application
for Las Positas for 2021-2022, the current school year.  We will continue to provide
funds for the current school year as we receive 2021-2022 FAFSAs and CADAAs, until
all of our grant funds are expended.
For assistance with your application or questions please contact the Financial Aid
Office atlpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu, visit our office on the second floor of Building 1600, or contact us through Cranium
Café during posted hours (https://laspositascollege.edu/financialaid/cranium-cafe.php)
For information about BankMobile
Free Money for all students enrolled in 3 or more units!
Have you or your family been impacted financially by covid or any other reason?  If
you have experienced a significant decrease in 2020 or 2021 income compared to the
2019 income reported on your current FAFSA, please consider submitting a Professional
Judgement EFC Appeal (previously called ‘Special Circumstance Appeal’) to our office;
this may allow us to make changes that will help you qualify for additional financial
aid. To submit, you must first complete all of your requirements for financial aid,
and then submit this form to our office. We will follow up with you once we receive
your form.
Have you or your family been impacted financially by covid or other reasons?  If you
have experienced a significant decrease in 2020 or 2021 income compared to the 2019
income reported on your current FAFSA, please consider submitting a Professional Judgement
EFC Appeal (previously called ‘Special Circumstance Appeal’) to our office; this may
allow us to make changes that will help you qualify for additional financial aid.
 To submit, you must first complete all of your requirements for financial aid, and
then submit this form to our office:
Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund Reporting
Higher Education Emergency Relief Funds/CARES Grants
International Students are eligible; please contact the International Student Program
Coordinator for details.
LPC must be your official college of record and you must be enrolled in LPC classes
Las Positas College acknowledges that we signed and returned to the Department of
Education the Certification and Agreement and intend to distribute 50% of the funds
received under Section 18004(a)(1) of the CARES Act to provide Emergency Financial
Aid Grants to students.
Las Positas College received$1,437,745for Emergency Financial Aid Grants to students under HEERF I/CARES Act .
Las Positas College received$5,348,521for Emergency Financial Aid grants to students under HEERF III/ARP Act, PL 117-2.
Las Positas College received1,437,746for Emergency Financial Aid Grants to students under HEERF II/CRRSAA Act, PL 116-260.
Las Positas College utilized 2019-2020 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
data to automatically award the initial grants valuedat $750 during Spring 2020. To receive an automatic award, student must have filed a 2019-20 FAFSA, met federal
Title IV basic eligibility criteria, have unmet financial need based on cost of attendance
less expected family contribution, those who had FAFSAs on file at the time were enrolled
in 6 units as of March 16 (LPC’s frozen enrollment date), and earned some units for
spring term. Students whose FAFSAs were received after March 16 must have completed
6 units in Spring to qualify for the automatic awards.
POLICY REGARDING CHANGES IN ENROLLMENT AFTER HEERF III/CARES FUNDS ARE DISBURSED
Payment for FAFSA filers  is provided through BankMobile; all recipients must select
a refund delivery method to receive their funds.  Contact our financial aid office
for assistance with setting up your bankmobile refund (email: lpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu).
Please don’t leave money on the table! This is a reminder to review your financial
aid eligibility on the financial aid tab of Class Web.  If your award indicates you
are eligible for a grant and you have not received your funds, please be sure you
submitted all requirements that are listed under ‘MY ELIGIBILITY’ on the Financial
Aid tab of Class Web.  If you need help, please contact our office.
Please don’t leave money on the table! This is a reminder to review your financial
aid eligibility on the financial aid tab of Class Web.  If you believe you are eligible
for a grant and you have not received your funds, please be sure you have submitted
all required documents that are listed under ‘MY ELIGIBILITY’ on the Financial Aid
tab of Class Web.  If you need help, please contact our office.
Posted for Fall 2020 eligibility:
Posted for Fall 2021 and Spring 2022 eligibility:
Posted for Spring 2021 eligibility:
Students who are experiencing financial hardships due to the COVID-19 pandemic who
have not filed a 2020-2021 Free Application For Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)  should
do so as soon as possible to be able to apply for a CARES Emergency Grant in addition
to financial aid.
Students who file a CADAA, and International students, will be mailed a check directly
from the district business office.  Please ensure your current college mailing address
is accurate through admissions to ensure delivery.
Students who filed a California Dream Application will be mailed a check directly
from our district; please ensure your current mailing address is correct at Admissions.
Students who filed aCalifornia Dream ApplicationandInternational Studentswill be mailed a check directly from our district;PLEASE ENSURE YOUR CURRENT OFFICIAL COLLEGE MAILING ADDRESS IS CORRECT, AND NOTIFY
OUR OFFICE IMMEDIATELY IF YOUR ADDRESS HAS CHANGED.
Subject:  NOTIFICATION OF LPC HEERF III/CARES AWARD
TO QUALIFY FOR CARES FUNDS:
The 2021-2022Free Application for Federal Student Aid(FAFSA) orCalifornia Dream Application(CADAA) is your application for CARES(the 2022-2023 application is the wrong form for this year). Please ensure you have
applied for 2021-2022 for the current school year; you should also apply for 2022-2023
in addition, to qualify for aid for next year.  Final deadline to submit a 2021-2022
FAFSA or CADAA is June 30, 2022.
The Staff of the Financial Aid Office
The amount of HEERF/CARES Emergency funds awarded to each student is based on the
student’s units of enrollment on the date the funds are authorized (disbursed).  
Students who increase enrollment following the date of disbursement will not have
their emergency grant funds increased, and students who decrease enrollment following
the date of disbursement will not have their emergency fund eligibility reduced.  No
adjustments based on changes in units of enrollment will be made after the initial
disbursement.
The amount of your award is based on your current units of enrollment and your Expected
Family Contribution (‘EFC’) which is determined by your FAFSA or CADAA results.
The amount of your award is based on your units of enrollment at the time of disbursement,
and your Expected Family Contribution (‘EFC’) which is determined by your FAFSA or
CADAA results.
The amount of your award will be:
The estimated total number of students eligible to participate in the program under
Section 484 in Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 and thus eligible to receive
Emergency Financial Aid Grants to students under Section 18004(a)(1) was14,000.
The total of all three grants combined is$8,224,012.
This is to inform you that you have been awarded a Federal Higher Education Emergency
Relief Fund (HEERF III/CARES) Grant at Las Positas College.  Funds have been authorized
for Spring semester 2022, and also funds have been authorized retroactively for the
Fall semester 2021 if you completed at least 3 units and were not previously paid.
  HEERF III grants are intended to assist in providing food, housing, technology,
health care and child care.
This is to inform you that you have been awarded a Federal Higher Education Emergency
Relief Fund III/ CARES Grant at Las Positas College for the Fall semester 2021, based
on your current units of enrollment and your Expected Family Contribution (‘EFC’)
which is determined by your FAFSA or CADAA results.
This is to inform you that you have been awarded an LPC Emergency Grant.  Funds for
this award were provided by the federalCoronavirus Response and Relief Supplemental Appropriations Act (CRRSA) of 2021.  You have been awarded based on your attendance at Las Positas during the Spring
semester 2021.
To apply for a CARES Emergency grant: log into yourCLASS WEBaccount and click on the Elections/Student and Staff Survey on the Main Menu. The
LPC CARES Emergency Grant Application will be posted for easy online completion for
those students who meet the basic eligibility criteria.  Students who do not meet
the basic criteria will not be able to complete the application.  Las Positas College
will continue to award students through the CARES online application process until
all CARES Emergency funds are fully awarded.
To be eligible to receive additional HEERF funds in the Fall 2021 and spring 2022
terms, and to determine if you qualify for federal or state financial aid, be sure
to file a 2021-2022 FAFSA or CADAA.
We have automatically awarded a $1000 grant to all 2020-2021 FAFSA and CADAA filers
who demonstrated a valid Expected Family Contribution less than 13,077 and who remained
enrolled in 6 or more units through spring semester.
We hope that you will find these funds helpful with any financial difficulties due
to the Covid-19 crisis and the move to online classes.
We hope that you will find these funds will help with any financial difficulties you
have experienced while pursuing your education during the Covid-19 crisis.
We trust you will find these funds helpful in meeting some of your educational expenses
related to difficulties attributable to college attendance during the Covid-19 crisis.
We will follow up with you once we receive your form.
We wish you continued safety and good health during these difficult times, and we
hope to see you back on campus in the spring.
We wish you continued safety and good health during these difficult times.
Your 2021-2022 FAFSA or CADAA must be submitted forLas Positas College.If it is for Chabot College we cannot process your CARES grant nor any financial aid
funds unless you update your FAFSA to remove Chabot and add LPC.
Your 2021-2022 FAFSA or CADAA must indicate an‘Expected Family Contribution’or it is invalid.
Your funds will be available to you by Wednesday, July 14, 2021,  through yourBankMobileaccount.  If you have never activated your account to select a refund delivery method
(either ACH Transfer to your existing bank or a VIBE Debit card account) please do
so as immediately as possible.  If you need assistance please email our office.
Your funds will be available to you by next Tuesday through your Bank Mobile selected
refund delivery method.If you have never activated your account to select a refund method (either ACH Transfer
to your existing bank account of a VIBE debit card account) please do so as immediately
as possible.If you need assistance please contact the financial aid office atlpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu. Information about Bank Mobile is available at:https://bankmobiledisbursements.com/refundchoices/
Your funds will be available to you by next Tuesday through yourBankMobileaccount.  If you have never activated your account to select a refund delivery method
(either ACH Transfer to your existing bank or a VIBE Debit card account) please do
so as immediately as possible.  If you need assistance please contact the financial
aid office atlpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu.

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/childcenter/index.php ---
Family HandbookCENTER HOURS- Monday - Friday7:00am - 5:30pmFor more information please contact:
Front Desk(925) 424-1560Fax: (925) 373-6912
How We Serve You
Located in Building 2300 on the northwest side of Campus Hill Loop, between Parking
Lot H & Building 1850
Our Center is designed to enhance the development of the physical, mental, social,
and emotional self. We see children as inherently competent and unique. Every child
is encouraged to participate in all aspecs of our program while enjoying interactions
with teachers and peers.
Stephany Chavez, MSProgram Director(925) 424-1575schavez@laspositascollege.edu
Take a virtual tour of a classroom
We believe that all children learn through play and have an innate curiosity and healthy
desire to learn. They construct their understanding of the world through interactions
with peers, adults, and the environment. It is through meaningful experiences with
others that fosters a love of learning.
We create a safe and healthy environment that inspires learning, encourages involvement,
celebrates success, and cultivates a positive attitude towards oneself and others.
We offer a balanced approach to social development by providing an anti-bias environment
which creates a climate of positive self and group identity, through which every child
can achieve their fullest potential.
We offer an enriched social and educational experience for children 18 months to
entry into first grade. We are a model of "best practices" in the field of early education
and children benefit by participating in innovative projects and personal interactions.
Having a play-based philosophy, academics are integrated into the daily activities.
Your child will have enriched activities throughout the day that are based on their
interests. We are committed to providing an inclusive and diverse environment where
all children, families, students, and staff feel welcome.
Welcome toLittle HawksChild Development Center & Lab School

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/studentservices/index.php ---
Be Part of Student Life Student Government and Student Clubs
CalWORKs is currently accepting students!
Click here to speak with a counselor
EOPS/CARE are currently accepting students!
LPC Student Scholarships 2024

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/financialaid/forms-2024-2025.php ---
*Please email from yourZonemail& include yourW#!
2024-2025 LPC Cal Grant Hold Form
2024-2025 LPC Pell Grant Hold Form
4506-T Request for Transcript of Tax Return or Non-filing Letter
AB 540 California Nonresident Tuition Exemption (English) (PDF)
All required forms for your2024-2025 Financial Aid Filecan now be completed and e-signed online through our newVerify My Applicationplatform.
Building 1600, Second FloorRoom 1650(925) 424-1580lpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edu
Click onStudent Requirementsto find links for completing forms and uploading documents.
Complete & Submit– Fill out the form (including parent info if dependent) and provide supporting documents.
Deadline to file a petition for the 2024-2025 school year is September 05, 2025
Dream Application Forms (AB540 Students Only)
Dream Application Verification - Dependent
Dream Application Verification - Independent
FERPA-Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act-Student and others listed on the form must present this form in person along with
            CA Driver's License or CA ID.
Federal Grants & Programs
Financial Aid TV En Español
For more questions or assistance, reach out to ourFinancial Aid Office.
Forms must be inPDF format. You can save PDFs to your desktop and attach them to an email or upload them toVerify My Application. To open a PDF, you'll needAdobe Acrobat Reader.
Get the Right Form– Contact the Financial Aid Office or download:Petition for Consideration of Special Circumstances(for income or budget changes)Request for Financial Aid Income or Budget Adjustment
If you need apaper or alternate format, please contact our office.
If your family’s income has significantly dropped since the income reported on your
    FAFSA, you may qualify for aSpecial Circumstances/SAI Appealto adjust your financial aid eligibility.
It is important that both the petition and SEP are provided at the same time in one
            email or packet.
Log into your financial aid account onCLASS-Web.
Login toCLASS-Web& click on theFinancial Aid Tabthen the following:
Loss of Priority Registration or the CCPG Fee Waiver due to not having consecutively
        earned more than 50% in both fall and spring terms or fell below a 2.0 GPA for both
        terms.
Loss of Priority Registration or the California College Promise Grant Fee Waiver Petition
Meet Our Financial Aid Staff
Our after-hours DROPBOX is in the hallway between the Admissions & Financial Aid Offices.
Petition for Consideration of Special Circumstances(for income or budget changes)
Please contact a Financial Aid Advisorlpcfinaid@laspositascollege.edufor details on how to proceed with the Request for Professional Judgement Appeal
        process
Questions regarding 'Verify my Application'
Reinstatement Petition (Complete 'Get Sap' Counseling SessionsOnline)-Get SAP Counseling Sessions Online
Request for Change of Major/Home Campus Form
Request for Financial Aid Income or Budget Adjustment
Request for Professional Judgement (Dependency Override) Unusual Circumstance Appeal
        for 2024-2025
Request for Refund of Enrollment Fees
Resources for Foster Youth
Resources for Student Parents
Review Process– A financial aid officer will evaluate your situation using professional judgment.
Selective Service System Registration Form - or Register online through the DREAM
            application or at https://www.sss.gov/Registration/Register-Now/Registration-Form
Special Circumstances/SAI (EFC) Appeal
Student Education Planprepared with Counseling Department or Counselor
Student Information Change Form
The Financial Aid Office understands that standard formulas may not reflect unique
    financial situations. If you have experienced job loss, reduced income, divorce, or
    other major changes, you can request a review of your aid package.
To Access Your FA Requirements:
To Complete The Authorization Requirement
Types of AidFree TuitionFederal Grants & ProgramsState GrantsCCPG Fee WaiverScholarships
What if I have Special Circumstances regarding my (or my Parent's) income?
What is a Student Education Plan?
‘Authorization & Accept Financial Aid Terms and Responsibilities’

--- Content from https://havikjournal.wixsite.com/website ---
A digital copy of the book is availablehere.
Cover artwork by Paz Winshtein
Havik 2024 is here!Click herefor details on how to order. Accepted contributors receive a free copy.
The Las Positas College Journal of Arts and Literature

--- Content from https://www.laspositascollege.edu/literary-festival/ ---
"Speak Your Peace" Poetry Slam Workshop
"You sound like a white girl.”  These were the words spoken to Julissa by a high school
crush as she struggled to find her place in America…
(photo credit: Meredith Heuer)
2025 LPC LITERARY ARTS FESTIVAL
As Lemony Snicket, Daniel Handler has written  the best-selling seriesAll The WrongQuestionsas well asA Series of Unfortunate Events, which has sold more than 60 million copies. A Series of Unfortunate Events was the
basis of a 2004 feature film starring Jim Carrey and Meryl Streep, with Jude Law as
Lemony Snicket. In 2017 Netflix produced a critically acclaimed, Peabody Award-winning,
series based on A Series of Unfortunate Events, starring Neil Patrick Harris. Daniel
Handler is the author of the novelsThe Basic Eight,WatchYour Mouth, Adverbs, We Are Pirates,All the Dirty PartsandBottle Grove. He worked with Maira Kalman on the booksGirls Standing on Lawns, Hurry UpandWait, WeatherWeather, and Why We Broke Up,which won the Michael J. Printz Honor. Handler also edited The Best Nonrequired Reading
of 2014,which includes an introduction by Lemony Snicket. His newest memoir is titled
And Then? AndThen? What Else?(Liveright, May 21, 2024), and he will be holding a writing workshop called "How
to Write Like a Burglar."
Bri Blueis an Author, Orator, Poet, Spoken Word Artist, Women's Rights Advocate, and Motivational
Speaker hailing from Berkeley, CA. A UC Berkeley graduate, Blue's unique, high-energy,
tailored performances connect emotion, entertainment, and inspiration to the goals,
vision, and experiences of her audience.See videos of Bri Blue speaking here.
Bring your kids to the upstairs lobby to enjoy stories and crafts.Crafts offered on and off from 11-12 by the Livermore Public Library.Storytelling and Coloring with Miriam 1:30-3:30 pm
Canvas Curriculum Assignments and Resources
Click Here for a Full Schedule
Creative Writing and Literature Classes
Dating Advice w/Q&AYue Xu & Julie Krafchick
Deema Shehabi(Arabic:ديمة الشهابي) (born 1970) is a Palestinian poet and writer. She has widely published in journals
and wrote her first book of poetry in 2011. It was followed by an anthology which
she co-edited in 2012 in response to the bombing of Baghdad's historic literary district
and in 2014 a collaboration with another exiled poet of a collection of renga-style
poems.
Deema ShehabiPoetry of the Palestinian Diaspora
DeraR. Williamsis an Oakland resident whose family was a part of the Great Migration. She is an
author, family historian, and children’s editorial mentor. She has published numerous
stories in the fiction, memoir, essays, academic articles, and journalism genres.
She has published two volumes of her childhood collection. The second volume In My
Backyard: More Stores of Growing Up In Oakland was released March 2025 following the
first volume published in 2020. She is preparing to release her novel,  Serving Tea
at Miss Belle’s in late 2025.Derais a correspondent for the Oakland Voices and Black Gold Storytellers platforms.
Exploring the relationship between myth, oral and family history,Derahonors the voices of her ancestors.
FREE TICKETS HERE!Get your seats before they're gone!
GET YOUR TICKETS BEFORE WE FILL UP
Have you ever wondered how writers capture the magic of taste and scent in words?
Join writing teacher and foodie-farmerGabi Myers, author ofHive MindandToo Many Seeds, in this writing workshop centered around a tasting of delicious chocolate bonbons
and flower wine from local artisan producers.winemaker Aaliya Nitotoandchocolatier Sarah Cainwill be on hand to give us the story of their wares before we sample them!
Havik, the Las Positas College Journal of Arts & Literature, celebrates the release of its 2024 edition with live readings and presentations
by contributors, as well as awards in the categories of poetry, prose, visual art
& photography, experimental work, and academic nonfiction. Founded by David A. Wright,
the anthology has been published annually in various forms since 1978. Havik has received
1st place Best of Show in Literary Arts Magazines the past three years at the annual
Associated Collegiate Press national conventions. The in-person ceremony is open to
all and will be streamed live online. For more information, visitthe Havik website.
How to Get Published!by Author and Correspondant Dera R. Williams
International Best Seller (60 Million Copies in 41 Languages):Daniel Handler (Lemony Snicket) in Conversation& Writing Workshop (limited seating)Best-Selling Keynote AAPI Presidential Speaker:Thrity Umrigar in Conversation with Meghan Swanson-Garoupa& Writing Workshop (limited seating):Character Development: Building Your Character's CharacterBest-Selling Mexican-American Author:Julissa Arce:You Sound Like A White GirlAward Winning One-Act Plays:Steve Budd:Seeing StarsandOy, What They Said about LoveDating Sociologist Podcasters:Yue Xu & Julie Krafchick:How to Be DatablePushcart Prize NominatedPalestinian-AmericanPoet:Deema Shehabi: Poetry ReadingStorytelling and Crafts for KidsLivermore Public Library and Storytelling by MiriamHow to Get Published Workshop with Dera R. WilliamsCorrespondent for Oakland Voices & Black Gold StorytellersLPC Professor and Punk Rocker Michelle Gonzales::Marisolandia: A story ofpolitical resistance through a near-future dystopia.Northern California Book Award Winner:Tamim Ansary:Truther: Conspiracy Theories& a Writing WorkshopChocolate and Wine Tasting and WritingBri & Tri: Poetry SlamHavikLPC's Literary Arts Magazine Publication CeremonyMusic and Food Trucks!
International Best Selling AuthorDANIEL HANDLER(aka Lemony Snicket)Book Talk and Writing Workshop
Julissa Arce is a national best-selling author, speaker, and social justice advocate
who rose to prominence as a former Wall Street executive while undocumented. Her work
focuses on immigrant rights, education equality, and social justice. Arce Julissa
has contributed toThe New York Times, TIME, Buzzfeed News, Crooked Media, CNBC, and serves on the board of the National Immigration Law Center. She co-founded the
Ascend Educational Fund, providing scholarships for immigrant students. Sworn in as
a U.S. citizen in 2014, she now uses her platform to reshape the narrative around
immigration.
KEYNOTE CONVERSATIONAAPI and Presidental Speaker Series&Character Development: Building Your Character's Character
Kids Storytelling and CraftsLivermore Public Library 11 am-12 pmStorytelling with Miriam 1:00-3:00 pm
LPC Literary Arts Festival
LPC Poetry Slam with Bri and Tri
Las Positas College Literary Arts Festival. Saturday May 7, 2022.
Michelle Cruz Gonzaleswrites about the intersections between race, class, and gender. Her memoirThe Spitboy Rule: Tales of a Xicana in a Female Punk Band(PM Press) documents her experiences traveling with Spitboy as the drummer, lyricist,
and the one woman of color. She and the band are featured in the movieTurn It Around: Story of East Bay Punk. She has published in literary journals such asThe Los Angeles Review of Books, anthologies, includingListen To Your Mother: What They Said Then, What They’re Saying Now(Penguin Random House), and online publications such asLatino Rebels,Longreads,Razorcake, andAlta Journal. Gonzales holds an MFA in Creative Writing from Mills College and has been on the
English faculty at Las Positas College since 2005. In Marisolandia, Gonzales explores
cultural erasure, forced assimilation, and political resistance through a near-future
dystopia.
National Best-Selling Author:Julissa ArceYou Sound Like a White Girl
Natriece (Tri) Spiceris an author, educator & owner of The Inspired Life, a wellness consulting company.
She wears a hat rack of titles easily compiled into her preferred term as the people’s
person. Her latest project is the release of “The Inspired Life Podcast hosted by
Natriece” available on ApplePodcast, Spotify, and everywhere things are being streamed!
She often dreams of working from the coast of Africa someday. For now, she likes anything
outdoors and lives in sunny California.See videos of Natriece Spicer speaking here.
Northern California Book Award WinnerTamim Ansary:Truther: Conspiracy TheoriesBook Talkand Non-Fiction v Fiction Writing Workshop
Publication and Awards CeremonyHavik:The Las Positas College Journal of Arts & Literature
SATURDAY, MAY 10THMertes Center for the Arts, Bldg. 4000
Seeing Stars: Ever wish that someone you love would change overnight? Be careful what you wish
for! At 31, Steve moves back in with his parents. But when his gruff, distant dad
transforms before his very eyes, Steve is in for the ride of a lifetime. “Seeing Stars”
is a heartfelt and hilarious exploration of family dysfunction, mental illness, and
a son’s desire to connect with his dad.Oy, What They Said about Love:Steve Budd wonders why other people can tie the knot and he can’t. Oy, does he wonder!
So he asked a bunch of couples what brought them together and keeps them from pulling
apart. Meet a Jewish couple who met on Craigslist, an interfaith pair who hooked up
at a Halloween party, and more.Steve Buddis an actor, writer, storyteller, and award-winning solo performer living in Oakland,
California.  His solo show “What They Said About Love” ran for three months at The
Marsh in 2018 and was a Theatre Bay Area Top 5 Solo Show.
Spellbinding entertainment! Miriam's storytelling weaves traditional fairy tales and
folk tales into a tapestry of entertainment to enchant both children and adults. She
uses stories as a medium for building cross-cultural understanding, creating personal
transformation, and of course, creating fun and laughter. Let her show you the power
of story!
Steve BuddSeeing StarsandOy, What They Said about LoveOne-Man Comedies about Family Dysfunction Mental Illness, and Love
Tamim Ansaryis an Afghan-American writer of fiction, memoir, and history.  He became famous after
9/11 for a viral email condemning the Taliban but also warning of the dangers of a
full-scale war in Afghanistan.  He also facilitated the SF Writers Workshop for over
20 years.  His work has won the 2010 Northern California Book Award, been selected
for San Francisco’s One City One Book read, and broadcast on NPR. Among his many books
areThe Invention of Yesterday: A 50,000 Year History of Human Culture, Conflict, and
Connection;Games without Rules: The Often-Interrupted History of Afghanistan; West of Kabul,
East of New York;andDestinyDisrupted: A History of the World Through Islamic Eyes. Ansary also edited and published a group of essays by young Afghans entitled,Snapshots: This Afghan American Life.For more information, visitMirTamimAnsary.com.
Thank you to Our Sponsors and to Donors like You!
The Las Positas College Foundation
The Las Positas College President’s Speakers Seriesand Dr. Dyrell Foster, LPC President
The Livermore Commision for the Arts
The21st annual LPC Poetry Slamwill be hosted by Bri and Tri of Speak Easy Poetry and LPC's own Toby Bielawski. Featuring
slam performances and an open mic with prizes. Open to the public.
Thrity Umrigar is the best-selling author of the novelsBombay Time,The Space Between Us,If Today Be Sweet,The Weight of Heaven,The World We Found,The Story Hour, Everybody’s Son and The Secrets Between Us. Her new novel,Honor, is an Indie Next List Pick for January 2022. Umrigar is also the author of the memoir,First Darling of the Morningand three children's picture books,When I Carried You in My Belly,Sugar in MilkandBinny's Diwali. Her books have been translated into several languages and published in over fifteen
countries. She is a Distinguished University Professor of English at Case Western
Reserve University in Cleveland.More info atThrity Umrigar.com
Thrity UmrigarThe Museum of Failures
Word of MouthWriting Workshop withWINE AND CHOCOLATE TASTINGGabi Myers, Aaliya Nitoto, and Sarah Cain

